Game 230630F
Game Date: Friday, June 30, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Geppetto is the ‘father’ of what Disney character?  Pinocchio
What is the name of the submersible that recently imploded while visiting the Titanic?  Titan
What rock band played such songs as “Evil Ways” and “Soul Sacrifice” during its legendary set at Woodstock in 1969?  Santana
What is the title of Jennifer Lawrence’s newest movie that has been described as “Part French sex comedy, part “American Pie”-like coming-of-age story”?  No Hard Feelings
Evangeline Lilly played character Kate Austen in what ABC television series?  Lost
"Yabba dabba doo!" is a famous catchphrase from what cartoon character?  Fred Flintstone
Bilbo Baggins is the main character in what novel?  The Hobbit
What parent company of Instagram is developing its own version of Twitter?  Meta
Maisie Williams plays what of the Stark children in the HBO series Game of Thrones?  Arya
George Michael started his career in what musical duo?  Wham!

General Knowledge
Bok Choy is closely related to what other vegetable?  Cabbage
Who holds the record for the most home runs in a single season in Major League baseball?  Barry Bonds
Car exhaust fumes contain mainly what poisonous gas?  Carbon Monoxide
What term means to favor friends or relatives in awarding responsibility or jobs?  Nepotism 
Chartreuse is a color that falls between yellow and what other color?  Green
The four suits of cards are hearts, clubs, spades, and what other suit?  Diamonds
The greeting ‘Shalom’ comes from what language?  Hebrew
What category of golf clubs are used for long shots from the tee or fairway?  Woods
What is the number 46 in Roman Numerals?  XLVI
Who wrote the novel The Great Gatsby?  F. Scott Fitzgerald 

Casper met what girl, in the title of a 1998 movie?  Wendy

Bonus Round
Edo is the former name of what major world capital?  Tokyo
What is the mild, smooth cow's-milk cheese named for a town on California's central coast?  Monterey Jack
Aviculture is the science of looking after what creatures in captivity?  Birds
Myspace was launched in what year?  2003
Cairngorms National Park is a mountainous region of what country?  Scotland
What is the full name of U.S President JFK?  John Fitzgerald Kennedy
Lr is the symbol for what chemical element?  Lawrencium
On a standard U.S. Monopoly board, there are 3 colored properties that begin with the letter ‘P’; what are they?   Pacific Avenue, Pennsylvania Avenue, and Park Place
Christopher Cockerell invented what method of transportation?  Hovercraft
What country holds the record for hosting the largest Pride parade in the world?  Brazil 


Game 230702F
Game Date: Sunday, July 2, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
In the The Hunger Games movies, Gale Hawthorne is played by what actor?  Liam Hemsworth
The horror movie Carrie is based on a book by what author?  Stephen King
At a recent auction, Indianapolis Colts owner Jim Irsay paid $4.5 million for the guitar used by Kurt Cobain in what famous music video?  Smells Like Teen Spirit
"Some boys kiss me, some boys hug me" is from what Madonna song?  Material Girl
The Netflix original series Stranger Things is set in what U.S state?  Indiana
The 1998 film Mighty Joe Young is about what type of animal?  Gorilla
In what country were Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings movies filmed?  New Zealand
Before launching her solo career, Beyoncé was a member of what musical group?  Destiny's Child
What cable news channel recently announced that former White House press secretary Jen Psaki will join its team this fall?  MSNBC
Maleficent is a wicked queen in what 1959 Disney animation?  Sleeping Beauty

General Knowledge
The ancient type of warship known as a "trireme" had a galley with how many banks of oars?  3
Autobahn is the name for high-speed roads in what country?  Germany
What type of club is used in Miniature Golf?  Putter
Arctic King, Tom Thumb, and Saladin are what types of vegetable?  Lettuce
In the famous saying, meaning being confronted with the unpleasant consequences of one's actions, one is said to face the _______.  Music
The romance languages are derived from other language?  Latin (Vulgar Latin)
The four suits of cards are hearts, diamonds, spades, and what other suit?  Clubs
In what other classic English sport is the term ‘home run’ used, in addition to baseball vocabulary?  Cricket
What is the number 61 in Roman Numerals?  LXI
Who wrote the novel Of Mice and Men?  John Steinbeck
Haley Joel Osment plays what character in The Sixth Sense?  Cole Sear

Bonus Round
Dilma Rousseff was elected the first female president of what country in 2010?  Brazil
In what year was the board game Cranium created?  1998
Armagnac brandy is made in what country?  France
Little Eva had a hit song about what type of dance in 1962?  The Loco-Motion
Australia's Coat of Arms features a kangaroo and what other animal?  Emu
Black Forest Gateau is a delicacy from what European country?  Germany
The famous Stonewall riots, a series of uprisings that marked the beginning of LGBTQ+ modern movement, took place in June of what year?  1969
Where would a croupier work?  Casino
At full temperature, what color does Magnesium burn?  White 
A Barnacle is a species of what bird?  Goose


Game 230703F
Game Date: Monday, July 3, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who portrayed the Genie in the 2019 live-action version of Aladdin?  Will Smith 
Both Atlanta and Better Call Saul recently earned their second of which prestigious award that honors the best in broadcasting?  Peabody
What color hat does Eric wear in the animated series South Park?  Blue
The Coen brothers take on the world of espionage in what 2008 comedy about a disgruntled CIA analyst who writes a tell-all memoir?  Burn After Reading
What 2010 video game, developed by Rockstar San Diego, is set in an open-world Western environment?               Red Dead Redemption
Released in 1977, what is the subtitle of the first Star Wars film… as in, the first one released, NOT Episode I?             A New Hope
What 1987 film, now a classic, featured a swordfight between the characters Inigo Montoya and the six-fingered man?  The Princess Bride
Who is the villain in Disney’s animated film One Hundred and One Dalmatians?  Cruella de Vil
What racket sport did Jamie Foxx's daughter say he was playing after being released from the hospital back in May?  Pickleball
What “Foolish Games” singer, raised near Homer, Alaska, has sold over 30 million records worldwide?  Jewel

General Knowledge
A radiological dispersal device is more commonly known as a "dirty" what?  Bomb
What is the common name of the flag -- also known as a "skull and crossbones" -- generally associated with pirates in the 17th and 18th centuries?  Jolly Roger
If you foil someone’s scheme you might say that ‘The ____ is up”; it is also a type of dance.  Answer: Jig
What is the third prime number?  5
With a name meaning "movement" in Esperanto, what American watchmaker is best known for its Museum Watch and signature metallic dot located at 12 o'clock?  Movado
What type of road was originally named for the rotating pike used to block passage until tolls were paid?  Turnpikes
How many times has Mike Trout been the American League MVP?  3
A 24-hour cycle of biological rhythm is called what?  Circadian
What flavor is Crème de menthe liqueur?  Mint
In what historic building could you see Britain's Crown Jewels?  Tower of London

What actress played Amanda in Melrose Place?  Heather Locklear

Bonus Round
In the Bible, what is the fourth book of the New Testament?  John
Dying in 1989 at the age of 87, who was the longest-reigning and longest-living emperor in Japanese history?  Hirohito
What African country, once ruled by the notorious Idi Amin, is also known as the ‘Pearl of Africa’?  Uganda
What three letters were used as an international distress call before SOS was adopted?  CQD
What element has the most staple isotopes, with 10?  Tin
In what decade did Independence Day become an officially PAID federal holiday?  1940s
What currency did Italy use prior to the Euro?  Lira
The impala, eland, and blackbuck are all what kind of mammal?  Antelope
What was the surname of an infamous 1960’s London crime pair, Ronald and Reginald?  Kray
What famous artist painted The Potato Eaters?  Vincent Van Gogh


Game 230705F
Game Date: Wednesday, July 5, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
E.L. James sparked a worldwide phenomenon with the release of what book in 2011?  Fifty Shades of Grey
Known as the “Godfather of Poker”, what 10-time World Series of Poker Champion passed away on May 14th at the age of 89?  Doyle Brunson
What color jacket does Kenny wear in the animated series South Park?  Orange
In what 1997 film, starring Robert De Niro and Dustin Hoffman, do a spin doctor and a Hollywood producer work to cover up a Presidential sex scandal?  Wag the Dog
What 2013 film starred Sandra Bullock and George Clooney as astronauts?  Gravity
What Rock and Roll Hall of Fame band recently announced a 40-city "Peace Out" farewell tour after 50 years?  Aerosmith
Released in 1999, what is the subtitle of the fourth Star Wars film… as in, the fourth one released, NOT Episode IV?  The Phantom Menace 
Who did Elon Musk recently confirm as his choice as the new CEO of Twitter?  Linda Yaccarino 
What word, derived from the Old French for "a day's work," is also the name of a band inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2017?  Journey
Who is the villain in Disney’s animated film Sleeping Beauty?  Maleficent

General Knowledge
What does a Folivore animal eat?  Leaves
Personal matters that could be embarrassing if made public are frequently referred to as "dirty" what?  Laundry
What is the second prime number?  3
Starting in 1956, what watch brand advertised with the slogan, "It takes a licking and keeps on ticking"?  Timex
What country is known as the “Land of the Rising Sun”?  Japan
In 2018, what rubber shoe company started releasing high heels with names such as the Cyprus V and Sanrah Strappy?  Crocs
In the world of linguistics, what term is used to describe the specialized language used by a particular profession or group, often difficult for others to understand?  Jargon
What color is the skin of a watermelon?  Green
What is the last letter of the Greek alphabet?  Omega
What is distilled to make Brandy?  Wine


What former Coronation Street actor is the host of The Chase?  Bradley Walsh

Bonus Round
Forces of what European nation conquered Algiers in 1830, ending its use as a stronghold by pirates?  France
In the Bible, what is the third book of the New Testament?  Luke
On June 21, 1982, who was found not guilty by reason of insanity in the shooting of President Reagan?                   John Hinckley Jr.
What Caribbean island was devastated after the dormant Soufriere Hills Volcano erupted 1995?  Montserrat 
Which of America's Founding Fathers famously said, "In this world, nothing is certain except death and taxes"?  Benjamin Franklin
What standard piece of hospital equipment was invented by Wilhelm Conrad Rontgen?  X-ray machine
In what decade did the animated Beatles film Yellow Submarine premier?  1960s
What country did Antigua and Barbuda gain independence from in 1981?  United Kingdom
The calcaneus and talus bones are located in what part of the body?  Foot
A _______ is a three-dimensional solid that has 6 faces (rectangular), 8 vertices, and 12 edges.  Answer: Cuboid


Game 230706F
Game Date: Thursday, July 6, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
The late John McCain made a cameo in what 2005 comedy about divorce mediators and their duplicitous means of meeting women?  Wedding Crashers
What actor starred as Freddie Mercury in the 2018 biographical drama Bohemian Rhapsody?  Rami Malek
Who is the villain in Disney’s animated film The Little Mermaid?  Ursula
What former Prime Minister of Pakistan was recently released on bail following his dramatic arrest?  Imran Khan
By the mid-1980s, many critics thought the band Aerosmith was through… until a surprise collaboration with what rap group brought them back to the top of the charts?  Run-DMC
What superhero film won the 2019 Academy Award for ‘Best Animated Feature’?  Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse
Released in 1983, what is the subtitle of the third Star Wars film… as in, the third one released, NOT Episode III?    The Return of the Jedi
Clara Peller became a household name in the mid '80s after she appeared in a Wendy's ad campaign saying what three-word catchphrase?  "Where's the beef?"
Building on the foundation set in Breath of the Wild, what is the full title of the newest Legend of Zelda video game, released on May 12th?  Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom
What color hat does Stan wear in the animated series South Park?  Blue

General Knowledge
What high heel style is named after a dagger from the Middle Ages?  Stiletto
What is the fourth prime number?  7
What type of Japanese wine, brewed from fermented rice, is commonly served either hot or cold?  Sake
With its origins dating back to 3000 BC, what ancient writing system used by the Egyptians combined logographic, syllabic, and alphabetic elements?  Hieroglyphics
What is the name of the long, thin, and flexible appendage found on the heads of some cephalopods?  Tentacle
Deriving from their word for ‘zeal, the Greeks believed what caused the overproduction of bile, giving one’s complexion a ‘greenish’ hue?  Jealousy
What protein in the skin provides elasticity?  Elastin
What is the name for a small, often decorative, case that protects the end of a shoelace?  Aglets
What dangerous mineral was formerly used for fireproof materials and insulation?  Asbestos
Coma and Tail are features on what celestial body?  Comet


What “Take That” singer won Celebrity Big Brother in 2002?  Mark Owen

Bonus Round
What quantity is measured in dynes?  Force
In battle, the fiercest pirates often refused to spare the lives of an opponent. To indicate they would show no mercy, they would raise a red flag and threaten to "give no" what?  Quarter
In the Bible, what is the first book of the New Testament?  Matthew
In what year did the Soviet Union have both a celebration with the launch of the Mir Space Station and a tragedy with the Chernobyl disaster?  1986
What brand of watches gets its name from the Japanese word for "exquisite"?  Seiko
In what decade did Benjamin Franklin become a member of the Assembly?  1750s
What are the two taxes found on the game board in Monopoly?  Income Tax & Luxury Tax
What 1957 novel, by Russian writer Boris Pasternak, was rejected by publishers in the Soviet Union and had to be secretly smuggled to a publisher in Milan?  Doctor Zhivago
What element takes its name from the Greek word for the moon?  Selenium
What country launched the first nuclear submarine in 1954?  United States




Game 230707F
Game Date: Friday, July 7, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What year of the 1980s saw the television debuts of both Baywatch and The Simpsons?  1989
Robert Redford, who starred in a number of DC-set thrillers in the 1970s, played the villain in what DC-set Marvel flick from 2014?  Captain America: The Winter Soldier
What Cameroon-born Philadelphia 76ers player won the NBA's MVP award back in May?  Joel Embiid
What color hat does Kyle where in the animated series South Park?  Green
A 2013 Super Bowl ad for what product featured a farmer and Paul Harvey's "So God Made a Farmer" speech?  Dodge Ram/Ram trucks
What was the name of the Netflix documentary series, released in 2015, that focused on Steven Avery?              Making a Murderer
Released in 1980, what is the subtitle of the second Star Wars film… as in, the second one released, NOT Episode V?  The Empire Strikes Back
What country is now building the world's first permanent electrified road that will charge electric vehicles while they're driving?  Sweden
What TV news program has opened with a ticking stopwatch since its debut in 1968?  60 Minutes
Who is the villain in Disney’s animated film Aladdin?  Jafar


General Knowledge
What is added to a martini to make it a dirty martini?  Olive brine/juice
What branch of mechanics is concerned with projectiles?  Ballistics
Edward Teach, better known by what name, spurned violence relying instead on his fearsome appearance and stylized facial hair to strike fear into his victims?  Blackbeard
What is the first prime number?  2
What is the term for a tax typically imposed by a religious organization, commonly equaling 10% of one's salary?  Tithe
The first pair of what iconic shoe brand was created at the end of World War II using old tires?  Doc Martens
What adjective, meaning "full of or showing high-spirited merriment," is derived from the name of the Roman god of the sky?  Jovial
What U.S state has the largest display of fireworks annually at their Fourth of July celebration?  New York
Anabolic steroids are a synthetic form of what hormone?  Testosterone
What medieval figure was known as the Maid of Orleans?  Joan of Arc

What British artist has won the most Brit Awards?  Robbie Williams

Bonus Round
In the Bible, what is the second book of the New Testament?  Mark
What is the Classical Latin name for the island of Ireland?  Hibernia
What famous British singer graduated from the Brit School in 2006?  Adel
In what decade did Independence Day become an official U.S holiday?  1870s
A biofuel called green crude is made from what plant?  Algae
In what body of water did the oil rig Deepwater Horizon explode in 2010?  The Gulf of Mexico
Bell's palsy affects one side of what part of the body?  Face
What was the name of the currency in Slovakia before the euro?  Koruna
On the sitcom, what fictional city is the setting for The Partridge Family?  San Pueblo
Quercus is the Latin name for what tree?  Oak

Game 230709F
Game Date: Sunday, July 9, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
James Roday stars as the psychic police consultant, Shawn, in what NBC TV series?  Psych
In 2013, Leonardo DiCaprio played the lead role of Jordan Belfort in what 2013 film?  The Wolf of Wall Street
Chad Kroeger is best known as the lead singer of what rock group?  Nickelback
What is the villain's name in the scream movie series?  Ghostface
The film Anatomy of a Fall recently won the Palme d'Or at what prestigious film festival?  Cannes Film Festival
Ella Yelich-O'Connor is a singer from New Zealand who released “Royals” in 2013; under what stage name?  Lorde
Darlene Snell, Helen Pierce, and Roy Petty are characters in what Netflix series?  Ozark
Chinese tech firm ByteDance owns what popular social media app?  Tik Tok
What tennis player won his 3rd French Open in straight sets on June 11th?  Novak Djokovic
Belle is best known for being a princess in what Disney animated movie?  Beauty and the Beast



General Knowledge
Gumbo the Dog is one of two official mascots of what NFL team?  New Orleans Saints
What tattoo did the girl have in the title of a Stieg Larsson 2005 book?  Dragon
What is the name for a word spelled the same forwards and backwards?  Palindrome
The words mare, stallion, and colt all relate to what animal?  Horse
What New York Yankee pitcher recently threw the 24th perfect game in MLB history?  Domingo German
Hepatitis is the term for inflammation of what bodily organ?  Liver
What was the American codename for the development of the atom bomb? Manhattan Project
What island is located 250 miles off the coast of East Africa?  Madagascar
The Pinta, _______, and Niña were the ships of Christopher Columbus.  Santa Maria
What mythical city is said to be buried under the ocean?  Atlantis

Johnny Castle is a dance teacher in what 1987 movie?  Dirty Dancing

Bonus Round
In what country were the famous LEGO blocks invented?  Denmark
What is the name of Paulo Coelho's most famous novel?  The Alchemist
What are the first names of the 3 sons and 1 daughter of Queen Elizabeth II?  Charles, Edward, Andrew, and Anne
Physicist Charles-Augustin de Coulomb was from what country?  France
What fruit is used to make the alcoholic drink called Kirsch?  Cherries
Millard Fillmore was Vice-President to what U.S President?  Zachary Taylor
Rubies get their color from traces of what element?  Chromium
What name is given to a baby alpaca?  Cria
What was the first name of Burgess, the British spy who defected to Russia in 1951?  Guy
What creatures are featured in the Salvador Dali painting "Allegory of Silk"?  Butterflies



Game 230710F
Game Date: Monday, July 10, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Ed Sheeran sang about a castle on the _______ in a 2017 hit.  Hill 
What 81-year-old celebrity was recently revealed as the oldest-ever Sports Illustrated swimsuit edition cover model?  Martha Stewart
Set in the Georgetown area of DC, what 1973 film was the first horror flick ever nominated for a ‘Best Picture Oscar’?  The Exorcist
Complete the title of the fourth Harry Potter book: Harry Potter and the… what?  Answer: Goblet of Fire
Due to the "evil eyes" on the bottom of its wings, a newly discovered species of butterfly has been named after what literary and movie villain?  Sauron
The 1987 song “Dirty Diana” was Michael Jackson's fifth consecutive #1 single off which of his diamond-selling albums?  Bad
What British actor stars with Hillary Swank in the film PS, I Love You?  Gerard Butler
Rebel Heart was a 2015 album by what singer?  Madonna
The original Powerpuff Girls consist of Bubbles, Buttercup, and who?  Blossom
The film The Shawshank Redemption takes place mainly in what setting?  Prison


General Knowledge
What are Sun Chips made out of?  Multi-grain / Corn
0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5 are the first digits in what famous mathematical sequence?  Fibonacci
What word can be used to refer to a type of men's dress shirt, a university, and a type of comma?  Oxford
Today the largest city in the Bahamas, it was a haven for Caribbean pirates in the 18th century.  Nassau
“The Right to Bear Arms” is what number Amendment in the U.S Constitution?  Second
Buckingham Palace is located in what European country?  England
Block and tackle is a variety of what simple machine?  Pulley
The Boston Tea Party took place on the 16th of December in what decade of the 1700s?  1770s
In common text abbreviations, what does – ICYMI - stand for?  In case you missed it
90% of natural gas is what chemical?  Methane
What is the first name of the actor that directed and starred in the 1996 film Hamlet?  Kenneth

Bonus Round
For what 1981 film, also starring Henry Fonda, did Katharine Hepburn win her fourth Academy Award?                       On Golden Pond
The Danegeld tax was implemented in medieval England to raise protection money to defend against whom?  Viking/Danish Invaders
What Roald Dahl novel features two mean aunts named Spiker and Sponge?  James and the Giant Peach
The TSX is the stock exchange of what country?  Canada
Stephanie Kwolek invented what super tough material?  Kevlar
The spinning of the Earth is known as what effect?  Coriolis Effect
Who presents the Radio 2 Breakfast Show on BBC?  Zoe Ball
What country invaded Uganda in 1979 and forced Amin out of power?  Tanzania
Integral and differential are words used in what branch of Math?  Calculus
What two well-known sports footwear brands were created by the Dassler brothers?  Adidas & Puma

Game 230711F
Game Date: Tuesday, July 11, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
The long, long-awaited sequel to what 1988 Michael Keaton comedy is finally set for release in September 2024?  Beetlejuice
Based on a novel by David Baldacci, what 1997 Clint Eastwood thriller tells of a master thief who, in the middle of a robbery, witnesses the murder of a woman by secret service agents?  Absolute Power
Complete the title of the fifth Harry Potter book: Harry Potter and the… what?  Order of the Phoenix
This past May, the Carolina Hurricanes faced off against what other team, in what became the sixth-longest NHL game in history; it finally ended after nearly four complete OT periods?  Florida Panthers
In 1976, what hard rock outfit released the single (and album) Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap?  AC/DC
Joaquin Phoenix plays Commodus in what 2000 movie?  Gladiator
Actress Saoirse Ronan was born in what European country?  Ireland
What vegetable type does character Popeye utilize as a last-minute source of strength?  Spinach
"Days of Future Past" was a movie in what franchise?  X-Men
What singer released the hit songs “Rehab” and “Back to Black” before her untimely death in 2011?  Amy Winehouse

General Knowledge
What fourth state of matter can be made by heating a gas or applying an electric field to it?  Plasma
"Bug" is a slang term for what Volkswagen model of car?  Beetle
“Grand Jury, Double Jeopardy, Self Incrimination, Due Process, Takings ” is what number Amendment in the U.S Constitution?  Fifth
What company introduced pump basketball shoes in November of 1989?  Pump
Verde, Roja, and Pico de Gallo are three types of Mexican what?  Salsa
In common text abbreviations, what does – AFAIK – stand for?  As far as I know
What snake is the world's longest venomous snake; it can grow to over 23 feet in length and it can kill a full-grown elephant with one bite?  (King) Cobra
Baskin-Robbins is famous for selling what food product?  Ice Cream
What was the first name of famous British codebreaker Turing?  Alan
What medical specialist deals with skin conditions?  Dermatologist
What is the first name of Carolyn’s son in the TV series Killing Eve?  Kenneth (aka Kenny)

Bonus Round
What was former president William Taft's middle name?  Howard
The nonsensical, whimsical language of what poem by Lewis Carroll gave us English neologisms such as ‘chortle’ and ‘galumphing’?  Jabberwocky
What organ of the body can be affected by Bright's disease?  Kidneys
What is the term for the official commission, issued by a sovereign or authority, to a private person to engage in piracy during a time of war?  Letter of marque
What is the name of the UK's highest gallantry medal; given to extreme acts of bravery under enemy fire?          Victoria’s Cross
Rocks formed by great heat and pressure are known as what?  Metamorphic
What author's essay "Civil Disobedience" details his protest of paying taxes to support the Fugitive Slave Act and the Mexican-American War?  Henry David Thoreau
In the movie Se7en, a serial killer models his murders after the seven deadly sins.  Which two of the sins ends with the letter ‘Y’?  Envy & Gluttony
Marie Curie discovered Radium and what other element?  Polonium
What reality star was a contestant on X Factor in 2012 and won Celebrity Big Brother in 2013?                               Rylan (aka Ross) Clark

Game 230712F
Game Date: Wednesday, July 12, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
"Only the Good Die Young" and "My Life" were hits for what singer?  Billy Joel
What American golfer won his 3rd PGA Championship, his 5th major overall, at Oak Hill on May 21st?  Brooks Koepka
Kevin Kline played both the U.S. President and his lookalike -- who ran a temp agency -- in what 1993 comedy?  Dave
Premiering in 1984, what sitcom starred Scott Baio as the live-in housekeeper for a New Jersey family?             Charles in Charge
Complete the title of the sixth Harry Potter book: Harry Potter and the… what?  Half-Blood Prince
What late actor's daughter, Meadow, made a cameo in the new Fast X movie?  Paul Walker
What classic 1962 film starred Peter O'Toole as British army officer T. E. Lawrence?  Lawrence of Arabia
"Adore You" and "Watermelon Sugar" are hits by what ex-boyband member?  Harry Styles
What is the name of the snowman created by Anna and Elsa in the Disney film Frozen?  Olaf
What late comedian had his only feature film writing credit for 1998's Dirty Work, in which he also starred?             Norm MacDonald


General Knowledge
Mexican Tres Leches is what type of food?  Cake
The Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution protects the right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against what?  Unreasonable searches and seizures
What is the term for a shoe repairer or maker?  Cobbler
What word refers to both a type of biodegradable seed germination pot and a term for a very short period of time?  Jiffy
In common text abbreviations, what does – WYD – stand for?  What are you doing?
What company makes a guitar called the "Les Paul"?  Gibson
"Cackle" is the collective name for a group of what animals?  Hyenas
Gatorade first made its way to the store shelves in what decade?  1960s
Halifax, the capital of what Canadian province, was founded in 1749?  Nova Scotia
Maxilla, mandible, and inferior nasal conchae are bones in what part of the body?  Head
Antonio Fargas played Huggy Bear in what TV show?  Starsky and Hutch

Bonus Round
What was the name of the currency in Finland before 2002?  Markka
Irène Joliot-Curie was what relation to Marie Curie?  Daughter
What pirate, whose name means “red beard”, paid the Sultan of Tunisia one-fifth of his booty to use Tunis as his headquarters?  Barbarossa 
What Pulitzer Prize-winning play (by George S. Kaufman and Moss Hart) deals, in part, with a family's patriarch refusing to pay income taxes?  You Can't Take It With You
What famous French king popularized high heels for men?  Louis XIV
Rennet is an important chemical in the making of what food?  Cheese
In Mayan society what was a Huipil?  A Blouse
What is the official language of Iran?  Farsi (Persian)
Stansted was opened as the third airport of what European capital in the 60s?  London
What climber's body was found in 1999 on Mount Everest?  George Mallory

Game 230713F
Game Date: Thursday, July 13, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Jack Harlow and Sinqua Walls star in Hulu's remake of what 1992 sports comedy?  White Men Can't Jump
Named for the traditional opening of Presidential addresses, what 1996 comedy starred Jack Lemmon and James Garner as two ex-Presidents?  My Fellow Americans
Complete the title of the seventh Harry Potter book: Harry Potter and the… what?  Deathly Hollows
On May 18th, what rapper-actor -- born Christopher Bridges -- received the newest star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?  Ludacris
What actor played San Francisco cop "Dirty" Harry Callahan in five movies between 1971 and 1988?  Clint Eastwood
On Billboard's ranking of the top disco songs of all time, what "Queen of Disco" claimed the top six spots?           Donna Summer 
Introduced years later, what is the name of the older sister and fourth Powerpuff girl?  Blisstina (aka Bliss)
"Party in the USA" was a 2009 hit for what artist?  Miley Cyrus
Portrayed by Dylan Minnette, the character Clay Jensen is from what TV series; this series is based on a book by Jay Asher?  13 Reasons Why
In the Fox TV series, Ally McBeal worked in what sort of office?  Law Office

General Knowledge
Octane numbers are used to classify what?  Fuels
What Major League baseball team won the 2016 World Series, thereby ending a 108-year championship drought?  Chicago Cubs
“Quartering of Soldiers” is what number Amendment in the U.S Constitution?  Third
An unusual shoe style emerged from the Netherlands, traditionally made of wood. What is the name of this iconic footwear?  Clogs
A Boston Cooler is a Scoop of ice cream in a glass of what type of soda?  Ginger Ale
In common text abbreviations, what does – IMO – stand for?  In my opinion
It takes approximately how many minutes for light from the Sun to reach Earth:  A) 4  B) 6  C) 8  D)11  Answer: C) 8
The medical prefix ‘endo’ means what?  Internal
Dr. Seuss wrote about ham and what color eggs?  Green
Chaos theory claims that major events can be influenced by what insect flapping its wings?  Butterfly
Charlotte York in Sex and the City is played by what actress?  Kristin Davis

Bonus Round
What pirate, nicknamed for his attire, was a member of the Flying Gang and sailed with his pirate lover Anne Bonny?  Calico Jack/John Rackham
As of the beginning of 2023, what is the fourth-most populous country in the world?  Indonesia
What executive not only served as the CEO and chairman of Chrysler during the 1980s, but also appeared in the company's TV commercials?  Lee Iacocca
Protesting her husband's oppressive taxation of his tenants, who allegedly rode naked (covered only by her long hair) through the streets of Coventry?  Lady Godiva
What natural phenomenon is known as “Deer's Thirst” in Sanskrit?  Mirage
What famous scientist declined the chance to be President of Israel in 1952?  Albert Einstein
What southern English town features in the film The French Lieutenant's Woman?  Lyme Regis
It can be found on a computer keyboard, what is a solidus?  Slash 
What was the first name of President Theodore Roosevelt's first wife?  Alice
What color of "dwarf" is a star which never got large enough for nuclear fusion?  Brown



Game 230714F
Game Date: Friday, July 14, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
The Curse of the Black Pearl was the subtitle of the first film in what popular Disney franchise?  	     	     Pirates of the Caribbean
What is the name of the legendary hard rock band formed in 1973 by brothers Angus and Malcolm Young?  AC/DC
In 2022 Queen Elizabeth II celebrated her Platinum Jubilee, marking how many years on the throne?  70 years
What type of creature is Chewbacca in the Star Wars universe?  Wookie
What rapper's 1994 debut album Ready to Die was recently named by Rolling Stone magazine as the greatest hip-hop album of all time?  The Notorious B.I.G.
The famous Baldwin brothers include Alec, William, Stephen, and what other actor; who starred in Homicide: Life on the Street?  Daniel
Complete the name of the platinum selling alt-rock band from Louisiana: Better Than ______.  Ezra
Hannah Montana moved to what California town with her family in the hit Disney Channel series?  Malibu
"Crazy Little Thing Called Love" was an 80’s hit for what British rock group?  Queen
Eddard is the head of what house in HBO’s Game of Thrones series?  House Stark

General Knowledge
What word represents the ‘Z’ in the NATO Phonetic alphabet?  Zulu
The Inca Sun Festival is a major tourist attraction in what country?  Peru
From left to right, what is the order of the three colors on the Italian flag?  Green, White, Red 
From an adjective meaning ‘tepid’, what four-letter prefix is commonly attached to ‘warm’ to describe something that is not too hot and not too cold?  Luke
Kiwi is a fruit and also a nickname for someone from what country?  New Zealand
Leaves of what herb are used to flavor a Mojito?  Mint
Orca is another name for what species of whale?  Killer
What are the full names of Pennsylvania’s two current NHL teams?  Pittsburgh Penguins & Philadelphia Flyers
What was the surname of famous fairy-tale writer Hans Christian?  Anderson
Helen of Troy was a leader of which ancient civilization?  Sparta
Detective Jimmy McNulty is the main character in what T.V show?  The Wire

Bonus Round
How many black numbers are there on a standard roulette wheel?  18
Who did Claus von Stauffenberg attempt to assassinate on July 20,1944?  Adolf Hitler
Jura is a region of what European country?  France
In Greek mythology who persuaded her brother to kill her mother?  Electra
T-cells mature in which gland of the body?  Thymus
In what year did American rock icon Elvis Presley die?  1977
Podgorica is the capital of what country?  Montenegro
Who was Jimmy Carter's Vice President?  Walter F. Mondale
The California Star was the first newspaper published in what U.S city?  San Francisco
What is the name for the steam-heated machine most commonly used to sterilize medical instruments?  Autoclave

Game 230716F
Game Date: Sunday, July 16, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Sirius Black is the godfather of what literary hero?  Harry Potter
When John Lennon divorced his first wife, Paul McCartney wrote what song for John's young son; to help comfort him throughout the divorce?  Hey Jude
Who won ‘Best Comedic Performance’ at the 2023 MTV Movie & TV Awards for the film Free Guy?  Adam Sandler
The 1985 Kate Bush single “Running up that Hill” hit #1 on the iTunes charts in 2022 after appearing in what Netflix series?  Stranger Things 
The 2012 Pitch Perfect film stars what actress as Beca Mitchell?  Anna Kendrick
Minnie Mouse typically wears a red dress with spots of what color?  White
What “Love Yourself” pop artist is struggling with Ramsay Hunt Syndrome which has caused paralyses on half of his face?  Justin Beiber
A skunk called “Flower” appears in what Disney animated movie?  Bambi
What pop artist recently ended his last show of his last tour with the song “Goodbye Yellow Brick Road?  Elton John
Adele sang the theme to which 2012 Bond movie?  Skyfall


General Knowledge
What familial term represents the ‘P’ in the NATO Phonetic alphabet?  Papa
What is the principal explosive ingredient in most forms of dynamite?  Nitroglycerin
Planes flying east use what high-velocity wind to gain speed & save fuel?  The Jet Stream
From left to right, what is the order of the three colors on the Irish flag?  Green, White, Orange
In the theater, a full-length play is typically divided into two or three of these? Most Shakespeare plays have five.  Acts
Macarons are colorful treats typically made with what nut?  Almonds
What is the name of Microsoft's spreadsheet software?  Excel
The Union Jack is an alternative name for the flag of what country?  United Kingdom
What are the full names of Texas’ two current NFL teams?  Houston Texans & Dallas Cowboys
What is the name for a yellow or orange substance made of the resin of ancient trees?  Amber


What is the name of Emma Stone's character in La La Land?  Mia

Bonus Round
Black Monday is the name given to the 1987 stock market crash. In what month did Black Monday occur?  October
How many points is the blue ball worth in a standard game of Snooker?  5 
What was the name of the noble family that took the English throne in 1485?  Tudor
In Greek mythology, the Sword of Damocles was suspended by a single what?  Horse Hair
In 1995, what supermodel appeared dressed as George Washington on the cover of the premiere issue of George magazine?  Cindy Crawford
Miss Maudie is a character in what famous novel?  To Kill a Mockingbird
Otoplasty is the surgery on what external body part(s)?  Ears
Rembrandt was a leading painter of what country's "Golden Age"?  Netherlands
Scottish physician Daniel Rutherford discovered what gas in 1772?  Nitrogen
What American chess player became World Champion in 1972?  Bobby Fischer



Game 230717F
Game Date: Monday, July 17, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
In 2013, singer Rebecca Black released “Saturday”, a sequel to what viral 2011 hit?  Friday
Home to the Packers football team, what Midwestern city was recently named by U.S. News & World Report as the best place to live in the U.S.?  Green Bay, Wisconsin
What 2001 film -- about a Congressman's kidnapped daughter -- was the SECOND to feature Morgan Freeman as detective-psychiatrist Alex Cross?  Along Came a Spider
On May 25, what automaker announced a partnership with Tesla to build electric vehicles that can use Tesla's network of Supercharger stations?  Ford
Musical brothers Nick, Kevin, and Joe have what surname?  Jonas
Fill-in-the-blank on the song title from the musical Evita: “Don’t Cry For Me, _______”.  Answer: Argentina
HBO released a new show about the life and career of Mary Tyler Moore on May 26th.  What is it called?               Being Mary Tyler Moore
In the film Zoolander, who plays Derek Zoolander’s agent? Hint: he is the real-life father of the actor who plays Derek Zoolander?  Jerry Stiller
In the Marvel Universe, Nick Fury is a leading agent for what espionage agency?  S.H.I.E.L.D
What animal is Indiana Jones afraid of in the movies?  Snakes




General Knowledge
In what lobe of the brain does the processing of visual information primarily take place?  Occipital Lobe
What is the most popular beef breed in the United States?  Angus
What Baltimore Orioles legend (nicknamed the "Iron Man”) served as the White House Tee Ball Commissioner from 2001 to 2004?  Cal Ripken Jr.
What type of three-headed animal guards Hades?  Dog
The address 511 10th St NW in Washington D.C. is the site of what theater where President Lincoln was assassinated in 1865?  Ford’s Theatre
What is the medical term for ‘ringing in the ears’?  Tinnitus
Of the U.S. state capitals that begin with the letter J, which is the most populous?  Jackson, Mississippi
An American Hawaiian Burger has a slice of pineapple and what type of sauce?  Teriyaki
Blackmail is a common term for what type of crime?  Extortion
What nationality of "Army knife" is a famous tool?  Swiss


Who plays ‘The Astronaut's Wife’ in the 1999 movie of the same name?  Charlize Theron

Bonus Round
What type of dancing is associated with Margot Fonteyn?  Ballet
What was the name of the British Mars lander that was lost in 2003 and found again in 2015?  Beagle 2
This man, branded by the Spanish as a pirate and known to them as ‘the dragon’, was the first English captain to circumnavigate the globe.  Sir Francis Drake
In what classic Douglas Adams book are humans mocked as "so amazingly primitive that they still think digital watches are a pretty neat idea"?  The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy
What country was the first to insist upon car registration plates?  France
Who wrote the poem Trees in the Garden?  D H Lawrence
Pygmy three-toed, Maned, Pale-throated, and Brown-throated are species of what mammal?  Sloths
India and Sri Lanka are divided by what strait?  Palk Strait
Who composed the music for the opera Porgy and Bess?  George Gershwin
What is the boundary around a black hole beyond which no light or other radiation can escape called?  Event Horizon




Game 230718F
Game Date: Tuesday, July 18, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Eddie Murphy received a Golden Globe nomination for his performance as filmmaker Rudy Ray Moore in what 2019 biopic?  Dolemite Is My Name
Levi's Stadium, home to what NFL franchise, is expected to be named the site of Super Bowl 60?                              San Francisco 49ers
What '80s action star made his TV series starring debut on May 25 with Netflix's FUBAR?  Arnold Schwarzenegger
Musical brothers Isaac, Taylor, and Zac have what surname?  Hanson
On May 27th, what film won the top prize (the Palme d'Or) at the Cannes Film Festival?  Anatomy of a Fall
Fill-in-the-blank on the song title from the musical Spamalot: “King _______ Song”.  Answer: Arthur’s
Florida governor Ron DeSantis recently made his announcement for his Presidential candidacy on what social media platform?  Twitter
In the film Zoolander, who play Hansel; he is a rival of Derek?  Owen Wilson
Wesley Snipes played what Marvel character in a film trilogy?  Blade
Along with Jay-Z, what other artist is tied for the most Grammy nominations at 88?  Beyoncé 



General Knowledge
If you add cells in an Excel table horizontally – would you be adding columns or rows?  Rows
Who is known for proposing the three laws of motion, which form the foundation for classical mechanics?                   Sir Isaac Newton
What word is used to describe a baby bear?  Cub
What country’s national dishes includes pierogi, kielbasa, and sour cucumber soup?  Poland
Along with Theodore Roosevelt, Abraham Lincoln, and George Washington, what other President is on the monument Mount Rushmore?  Thomas Jefferson
A doctor orders an "FBC test" to look at what aspect of the body?  Blood
Dinosaurs are believed to have gone extinct at the end of what geological period—the Cretaceous or the Cambrian?  The Cretaceous
Through the analysis of loops, whorls, and arches, many crimes are solved via dactyloscopy which is the study of what?  Fingerprints
Headphone company Beats was acquired by what company in 2014?  Apple
Corona beer is made in what country?  Mexico
Who stars as Gloria in the 1960 movie Butterfield 8?  Elizabeth Taylor

Bonus Round
Who was the fourth First Lady of the United States?  Dolley Madison
The mysterious Satoshi Nakamoto was behind what controversial innovation in 2009?  Bitcoin
Meaning “vanished or evaporated” what painting technique did Leonardo Da Vinci utilize when creating the Mona Lisa?  Sfumato
Who was "Living Inside Myself" in 1981?  Gino Vannelli
H2SO4 is the chemical formula for what?  Sulfuric Acid
The Lone Pine, which marks the Battle of the same name in 1915, is in what country?  Turkey
How many blowhole openings do baleen whales have?  Two
What Australian city stands near the mouth of the Yarra river?  Melbourne
Cassius Clay won a gold medal for the US in boxing during what year’s Olympics?  1960
What German Chancellor was nicknamed "Der Alte"?  (Konrad) Adenauer


Game 230719F
Game Date: Wednesday, July 19, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
In 1999, what future Weekend Update anchor became the first female head writer in the history of Saturday Night Live?  Tina Fey
The 1985 film The Goonies is set in what U.S state?  Oregon
What movie star was recently presented with an honorary ‘Palme d'Or’ for career achievement at the Cannes Film Festival?  Harrison Ford
According to Buddy the Elf in the movie Elf, the main elf food groups are candy, candy canes, candy corn, and what fourth food item?  Syrup
What country singer recently made his final appearance as a judge on the popular TV show, The Voice, after 23 seasons?  Blake Shelton
Musical sisters Jessica and Ashlee have what surname?  Simpson
Fill-in-the-blank on the song title from the musical Little Shop of Horrors: “Suddenly _______”.  Answer: Seymour
On May 26th, in what country did a passenger on an Asiana flight partially open an emergency exit door in mid-air?  South Korea
In a film of the same name, who stars as (Derek) Zoolander?  Ben Stiller
Part of Marvel’s The Fantastic Four, whose catchphrase is “It's clobberin' time”?  The Thing

General Knowledge
Of hiccupping, snoring, coughing, or burping, which is it impossible to do in outer space?  Burping
What is Japan's currency called?  Yen
From 2003 to 2007, Mitt Romney served as Governor of what U.S. state?  Massachusetts
Due to the slow rotation of its axis, what planet’s day lasts longer than its year?  Venus
Along with Thomas Jefferson, Abraham Lincoln, and Theodore Roosevelt, what other President is on the monument Mount Rushmore?  George Washington
A Blonde Brownie is missing what essential ingredient that can be found in a traditional Brownie?                         Cocoa powder (chocolate)
In theater, what job title is given to the individual responsible for planning the dances?  Choreographer
Allele refers to what component of our body?  DNA
If you were adding cells in an Excel table vertically – would you be adding columns or rows?  Columns
What is the SI unit for the measurement of energy?  Joules
Who presents the popular Channel 4 show Grand Designs?  Kevin McCloud

Bonus Round
What was sold to the United States by Russia in 1867?  Alaska
How many spaces are there on the game board for Candy Land: A)134  B)140  C)149  D)156  Answer: A)134
What '60s writer's philosophy is often summarized by his phrase, "follow your bliss"?  Joseph Campbell
Argentum was the Latin word for what element?  Silver
Disaccharide is a double what?  Sugar
What was the name of the one-legged pirate in Robert Louis Stevenson’s novel Treasure Island?  Long John Silver
What luxury watch company was founded in London in 1905 by brothers-in-law Hans Wilsdorf and Alfred Davis, who began by importing Swiss watch movements?  Rolex
Every year since 1947, what country has sent a Christmas tree to London's Trafalgar Square?  Norway
What was the name of the first space shuttle, launched in 1981?  Columbia
What video game starts by choosing to play the character of either Alexios or Kassandra?  Assassin Creed Odyssey

Game 230720F
Game Date: Thursday, July 20, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Fill-in-the-blank on the song title from the musical Bye Bye Birdie: “Put on a _______ face”.  Answer: Happy
What future star of Magnum, P.I. served in the California National Guard from 1967 to 1973?  Tom Selleck
What is the name of the new senior version of The Bachelor franchise, set to debut in fall 2023?                                The Golden Bachelor
What 2013 action thriller depicts a guerilla assault on the White House, with disgraced Secret Service agent Mike Banning working to rescue the President?  Olympus Has Fallen
Retired quarterback Tom Brady recently reached a deal to acquire a stake in what NFL team?  Las Vegas Raiders
Musical brothers Alex and Eddie have what surname?  Van Halen
On May 27th, who became the first woman ever to give a commencement address at the US's West Point Military Academy?  Vice President Kamala Harris
In the film Zoolander, who plays Derek Zoolander’s nemesis Mugatu?  Will Ferrell
In the Marvel Universe, Black Panther hails from what fictional African nation?  Wakanda
What animal did Britney Spears famously carry on her shoulders during a live performance?  Snake





General Knowledge
At roughly 18 miles long, what US state has the shortest coastline?  New Hampshire
When a bucket of water is spun in a circle, the water stays in the bucket due to what force?  Centripetal/Centrifugal 
At the Tokyo Dome on February 11, 1990, Mike Tyson was knocked down for the first time and ultimately lost his championship to whom?  James "Buster" Douglas
The Maldives are located in what ocean?  Indian Ocean
Though most parts of the human body shrink with age, which two cartilage-heavy features actually keep growing?  Nose and ears
What does the computing acronym PC stand for?  Personal Computer
The soccer teams Arsenal F.C. and Chelsea F.C. are based in what European city?  London
Along with George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, and Thomas Jefferson, what other President is on the monument Mount Rushmore?  Theodore Roosevelt
Who wrote The Iliad and The Odyssey?  Homer
A California burger is a traditional burger that normally has bacon and what unique ingredient on top?                 Avocado (or Guacamole)

Who plays Dr. Avery Ryan in a CSI spin-off series?  Patricia Arquette

Bonus Round
K is the stock ticker symbol on the New York Stock Exchange for what food manufacturing company?  Kellogg's
Where did Timon come from in the title of a Shakespeare play?  Athens
What jeweler pioneered men's wristwatches and created the first pilot's watch in 1905, named for Alberto Santos-Dumont?  Cartier
Quintilis and Sextilis are old Latin names for what?  May & June
What word, defined as "a massive, inexorable force," is also the villainous name of X-Men enemy Cain Marko?  Juggernaut
What British car manufacturer went bankrupt in 1971 and had to be nationalized?  Rolls-Royce
What fruit is banned from public transport across Asia due to its smell?  Durians
What poisonous plant takes its name from the Italian for beautiful woman?  Belladonna
In what year was the Apple Watch first available for purchase?  2015
Goose Green was a major battle in a war over what islands?  Falkland Islands

Game 230721F
Game Date: Friday, July 21, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What is the name of the 2015 film about Boston mobster James “Whitey” Bulger (portrayed by Johnny Depp)?      Black Mass
In June of 2022 Microsoft officially discontinued what web browser?  Internet Explorer
In The Simpsons, Homer is married to which character?  Marge
What “You Raise Me Up” pop artist was nominated for ‘Best Performance by a Leading Actor in a Musical’ at the Tony Awards last month, for his performance in Sweeney Todd?  Michael Jackson
Kindergarten Cop stars what actor and former governor of California?  Arnold Schwarzenegger
Agatha Christie is mostly known for writing what type of books?  Murder Mystery/Detective Novels
The boyband 5 Seconds of Summer comes from what country?  Australia
"Colors of the Wind" is a song from what Disney movie?  Pocahontas
Which Harry Potter character kills Bellatrix Lestrange?  Molly Weasley
What American singer-songwriter changed his name to a symbol in 1993?  Prince

General Knowledge
Which of the following islands is also a country - A) Crete B) Malta C) Corsica D) Sardinia?  Answer: B) Malta
The Occipital Lobe is located in what organ of the human body?  Brain
If you spend 85% of your money and have only $75 left, how much did you start with?  $500.00
Pythagoras was a math genius in what ancient civilization?  Greek
What is the name for the science of studying how organisms interact with their environments?  Ecology
In the Northern Hemisphere, the Vernal Equinox takes place in which month of the year?  March
Scoliosis is a curvature in what part of the body?  Spine
The Berlin Wall came down in what year?  1989
According to the saying, “when the cat's away, the _______ will play?  Mice
Glaziers work with what material?  Glass



Be, One, and Eternity are perfumes by what brand?  Calvin Klein

Bonus Round
What is the greatest number of points a player can get with three darts on a standard dart board?  180 points
The ‘Fosbury Flop’ is the universally preferred method for what Olympic track and field event?  High jump
Folk hero Daniel Boone was born in what U.S state?  Pennsylvania
Troy Ounces are used to weigh what Periodic element?  Gold
Invasive Burmese Pythons were accidentally released into the Florida Everglades in 1992, after a python-breeding facility was destroyed by what major hurricane?  Hurricane Andrew
In what year did the Viking Lander spacecraft land on Mars?  1976
After the famous Lewis & Clark expedition, Lewis was appointed governor of what territory?  Louisiana
What is the technical term for being drafted or enlisted into the Army without choice?  Conscription
The Lyrebird is indigenous to what country?  Australia
In 2008, two skydivers played what board game while freefalling; to celebrate the game’s 60th anniversary?  Scrabble





Game 230723F
Game Date: Sunday, July 23, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
On the TV show Jersey Shore, what was Mike Sorrentino’s nickname?  The Situation
What musical instrument is Henry Steinway associated with?  Piano
Bruce Banner is the alter-ego of what superhero?  The Hulk
What founding member of the Beach Boys celebrated his 81st birthday on June 20th?  Brian Wilson
What is the name of Mowgli's bear friend in The Jungle Book?  Baloo
"Jai Ho" is a song featured in what 2008 movie?  Slumdog Millionaire
The Wedding Planner 2001 film stars what actress/singer as Maria “Mary” Fiore?  Jennifer Lopez
In F.R.I.E.N.D.S, Rachel gets a job with what major fashion brand?  Ralph Lauren
The Pink Ladies and T-Birds appear in what 1978 movie musical?  Grease
In the films, Shrek is what type of monster?  Ogre

General Knowledge
Which Olympic track and field event involves “pushing” a heavy spherical ball through the air as far as possible?    Shot put
What is the name for the region of calm weather at the center of a hurricane?  Eye
What Zodiac sign is represented by a bull?  Taurus
Grandfather, Cuckoo, and Carriage are varieties of what device?  Clock
What team won the 2022 Stanley Cup on June 26th after beating the Tampa Bay Lightning in six games?  	 Colorado Avalanche
Flowers that are Heliotropic move throughout the day to follow the direction of what?  The sun
Manhattan Clam Chowder is traditionally what color?  Red
In the popular saying, what animal is said to have nine lives?  Cat
Joan of Arc was a medieval heroine and saint from what country?  France
The spinal cord and brain make up what bodily system in humans?  Central Nervous System

What is the name of Sean Connery's character in The Untouchables?  Jim Malone

Bonus Round
The statue Venus de Milo is believed to depict which Greek goddess?  Aphrodite
What 1953 novel opens with the line "It was a pleasure to burn"?  Fahrenheit 451
What popular Toyota model shares its name with the collective term for all the petals on a flower?  Corolla
The Taj Mahal in India was constructed as a tomb for the wife of what Mughal Emperor?  Shah Jahan
Anne Robinson is famously the host of what British television game show?  The Weakest Link
What quantity is measured in becquerels (Bq)?  Radioactivity
Who composed the Finnish symphonic poem "Finlandia“ in 1899/1900?  Jean Sibelius
The 1813 ‘Battle of Stoney Creek’ took place in what country?  Canada
A reading of 8 on the Beaufort Scale would indicate a wind of what strength?  Gale
A sphygmomanometer is an instrument for measuring what?  Blood Pressure

Game 230724F
Game Date: Monday, July 24, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Based off a novel by Andrzej Sapkowski, who plays Geralt of Rivia in the Netflix series The Witcher?  Henry Cavill
In what strait (in the South China Sea) did a Chinese warship have a close encounter with an American destroyer on June 3rd?  Taiwan Strait/ Formosa Strait
Portrayed by Kristen Wiig in the film, what is the animalistic name of Wonder Woman’s arch nemesis?  Cheetah 
Charles Bronson, Lee Marvin, Jim Brown, Donald Sutherland, and Telly Savalas team up in what 1967 war film?      The Dirty Dozen
What popular website has announced a change to its rating system following alleged "review bombing" of the new live-action version of The Little Mermaid?  IMDb
What three letter band had a 1990s hit with "Unbelievable"?  EMF
Portrayed by James Spader, what state completes the name of The Office character Robert _______?  California
What popular video game series is inspired by Maslow's Hierarchy of Needs? Hint: the logo often contains a green diamond?  The Sims
Fill-in-the-blank of the song “Taxman” by the Beatles: “Let me tell you how it will be, there’s one for you, __________ for me”.  Nineteen
What horse won the Belmont Stakes by one and a half lengths on June 10th?  Arcangelo



General Knowledge
What is the name for a calm space in the center of a hurricane?  Eye
What brand of mint candies famously advertised itself in the 1990s as "The Freshmaker"?  Mentos
An infant marsupial is known by what name?  Joey
What English author wrote the 1818 novel Frankenstein?  Mary Shelley
What home beverage brewing company launched its first brewers and K-Cup pods in 1998?  Keurig
The 1967 ‘Summer of Love’ is most associated with what U.S city?  San Francisco
What term means faster than the speed of sound?  Supersonic
What crop failed in Ireland in the 1840s, causing a huge famine?  Potato
What country introduced the ruble as the word's first decimal currency in 1704?  Russia
Shanties are traditional songs associated with what occupation?  Sailors
Scott Baio played what person "in charge" in the 80s?  Charles

Bonus Round
The emerald typically represents what number anniversary?  55 years
The original automatic dishwasher was unveiled in 1893 as part of the World's Fair in what American city?  Chicago
What brand of Swiss watches did the Royal Flying Corps use in 1917, the U.S. Army in 1918, and the Apollo 11 astronauts in 1969?  Omega
What is the term for the increasingly popular practice of self-marriage?  Sologamy
For its first 2 seasons, the NFL went by what name before changing to the National Football League in 1922?  American Professional Football Association (APFA)
Five cities have hosted the Summer Olympics two or more times: London, Los Angeles, Paris, Tokyo, and what other city?  Athens
What iconic department store's star logo comes from a tattoo its founder got while working on a whaling ship as a teenager?  Macy’s
Rounded up to the closest whole number, how many furlongs are in a mile?  Eight
What was the name of the first television satellite?  Telstar
Beriberi is a condition caused by the lack of what vitamin?  B-1

Game 230725F
Game Date: Tuesday, July 25, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What is the name of the SpaceX vehicle, capable of carrying up to seven passengers, that returned from its mission to the International Space Station on May 30th?  Dragon
The Netflix 2018 movie Bird Box stars who as the lead actress?  Sandra Bullock
Fred and Richard Fairbrass made up what band?  Right Said Fred
What onetime football player and costar of 100 Rifles and Ice Station Zebra died May 18th at the age of 87?              Jim Brown 
Zombies in the AMC TV series The Walking Dead are most commonly known by what name?  Walkers
What Rock and Roll Hall of Famer recently ended a 10-year residency at Madison Square Garden?  Billy Joel
Who plays Anastasia in the 50 Shades movie franchise?  Dakota Johnson
Who had a creek in a popular 90s show?  Dawson
What “Roar” singer was behind fragrances called "Meow" and "Purr"?  Katy Perry
In the U.K., a new mental health initiative called ‘EWE Talk’ brings what animals to people to help improve their general well-being?  Sheep


General Knowledge
What crop did the Ancient Egyptians use to make linen for clothing?  Flax
Throughout the 2010s, what gum had commercials stating that it was “so sweet, you can’t help but chew”?  Juicy Fruit
On July 1, 1997, what city was returned to China after 156 years of rule by the British Empire?  Hong Kong
Released in 2001, the Electrolux Trilobite was the world's first commercially available robotic version of what appliance?  Vacuum cleaner
What nationality was famous fairytale author Hans Christian Andersen?  Danish
On a menu, "Florentine style" indicates what vegetable is being used?  Spinach
The hepatic vein is a major structure of what organ?  Liver
When you finally grasp a concept that has been eluding you for awhile, what is said to have dropped?  A penny
A golden anniversary represents how many years?  50 years
What is the name of a farm where horses are bred?  Stud



Matt Bellamy is the lead vocalist in what British rock band?  Muse

Bonus Round
What Asian country's flag is in the shape of two triangles?  Nepal
The name of what small, carnivorous dinosaur means "quick plunderer"?  Velociraptor
Who wrote the opera Cosi fan Tutte?  Wolfgang Mozart
What is the name of the layer of Earth's atmosphere where most weather phenomena occur?  The troposphere
Five cities have hosted the Summer Olympics two or more times: London, Los Angeles, Tokyo, Athens, and what other city?  Paris
In 1776, the English historian Edward Gibbon published the first volume of his six-book series detailing the decline and fall of what empire?  Roman Empire
In cooking, The Maillard Reaction involves amino acids, peptides, and what carbohydrate?  Sugar
Pictionary was invented by a waiter in what American city?  Seattle
What animals live in a holt?  Otters
How many children did U.S President Zachary Taylor have?  Six

Game 230726F
Game Date: Wednesday, July 26, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What singer had a worldwide smash with "Someone You Loved" in 2019?  Lewis Capaldi
Which of the Osbournes was a judge on America's Got Talent?  Sharon
What NHL team recently had home ice advantage in the Stanley Cup finals?  Vegas Golden Knights
What duet, by Bill Medley and Jennifer Warnes, was the theme song for the 1987 film Dirty Dancing?                         (I've Had) The Time of My Life
What Oscar-winning actor recently became a father again… at the age of 83?  Al Pacino
What rank was Pepper in the title of the Beatles album?  Sergeant
Which member of the main F.R.I.E.N.D.S cast starred in The Whole Nine Yards with Bruce Willis?  Matthew Perry
What comedian hosted the Golden Globes between 2015 and 2020?  Ricky Gervais
What former Vice President has thrown his hat into the ring for the Republican Presidential nomination?  Mike Pence
What is the name of Will Smith's character in Men in Black?  Agent J




General Knowledge
What gum has the slogan “Double your pleasure, double your fun…”?  Doublemint
Diastole is a word referring to what organ of the body?  Heart
Charlotte A. Cavatica is the name of the protagonist of what novel by E.B. White?  Charlotte’s Web
Small meatballs called köttbullar are the national dish of what country?  Sweden
Jet is a gem of what color?  Black (or dark brown)
A sushi roll with crab and cucumber is named after what U.S state?  California
Prince Charles formally separated from what woman in 1992?  Diana
What name is given to power generated by water?  Hydropower/Hydroelectric Power
What type of food will a pescatarian eat that a vegetarian will not?  Seafood/Fish
What is the first name of McDonald's clown mascot?  Ronald
South by Southwest festival is held in what U.S city?  Austin

Bonus Round
Jesus found what tax collector sitting at "the receipt of custom" in Capernaum?  Matthew
A ruby typically represents what number anniversary?  40
What famous pact was dissolved in 1991?  Warsaw
Who is credited with discovering penicillin, one of the first antibiotics that revolutionized medicine?  Alexander Fleming
Five cities have hosted the Summer Olympics two or more times: Tokyo, Los Angeles, Paris, Athens, and what other city?  London
What position does Kevin Costner's character play in the 1988 film Bull Durham?  Catcher
In 1926, the first electric refrigerator was installed at the White House during the administration of what U.S. President?  Calvin Coolidge
In what century was the country of Switzerland first founded as the Swiss Confederation?  1200s
Charles Isham is credited with introducing what to British gardens?  Garden gnomes
Graphene is a molecule of what element?  Carbon



Game 230727F
Game Date: Thursday, July 27, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Tim Walz, the Governor of what U.S. state, recently signed a bill legalizing recreational marijuana use?  Minnesota
What Game of Throne's actor starred in the 2018 film Aquaman?  Jason Momoa
As said in their hit song “Motown ________”, vocal group Boyz II Men came from what US city?  Philadelphia
What Oscar-winning 1994 film has a middle chapter with a story told by Christopher Walken, called "The Gold Watch"?  Pulp Fiction
Tom Hanks is the voice of Woody in how many Toy Story films?  Four
Dirty Blonde is the subtitle of a 1986 documentary about what actress, writer, and "subversive agitator for social change"?  Mae West
The lead singer of Coldplay was married to what actress from 2003 - 2016?  Gwyneth Paltrow
What Jason Sudeikis led Emmy-winning comedy series dropped its believed-to-be-final episode on Apple TV+ this past May?  Ted Lasso
At the age of 18, Scott McCreery was the second youngest winner of what talent show?  American Idol
According to the film's production designer, creating the sets for the recently released Barbie movie led to a worldwide shortage of what color paint?  Pink

General Knowledge
What weed is named after the French for "lion's tooth"?  Dandelion 
What gum has a commercial centered around people being “paid in gum”?  Trident Layers
What household appliance did Nike co-founder Bill Bowerman famously use in 1972 to experiment with different soles for track shoes?  Waffle Iron
What is the name of the popular form of Japanese television and film animation?  Anime
What is the main ingredient of a frittata?  Eggs
Neptune is the Roman equivalent of what Greek God?  Poseidon
What part of the body has long, thin cells that are grouped into bundles?  Muscles
How often is the U.S census conducted?  Every 10 years
Which one of the seven deadly sins is also an animal?  Sloth
Prussia was a region in the north of what modern country?  German

In the TV sitcom 3rd Rock from the Sun, Dick teaches what subject?  Physics

Bonus Round
Meg Altman is the main character in what 2002 movie?  Panic Room
Besides the “daisy” or “sunflower” family, what other plant family is the largest in the world?  Orchid
Five cities have hosted the Summer Olympics two or more times: London, Los Angeles, Paris, Athens, and what other city?  Tokyo
What alliterative washing machine setting typically uses warm water during the wash and cold water during the rinse?  Permanent Press
Sternutation is the scientific name for what bodily function?  Sneezing
In what year was the creator of Disney (Walt Disney) born?  1901
The fraudulent $50 billion investment pyramid scheme exposed in 2008 was run by who?  Bernie Madoff
Wakan Tanka is the supreme being or spirit of what Native American group?  Sioux (specifically Lacota Sioux)
What 1983 music video sold 9 million copies?  Thriller
Held in England, what country won the 1966 FIFA World Cup?  England

Game 230728F
Game Date: Friday, July 28, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What famous rapper performed the opening theme song for the classic Nickelodeon sitcom Kenan & Kel?  Coolio
Brie Larson plays what character in the Avengers movies?  Captain Marvel
A buyer at an auction recently paid a record $75,000 for actor Thomas F. Wilson's unopened VHS copy of what 1985 classic film?  Back to the Future
What is the title of Italian composer Vivaldi's most famous group of four violin concertos? The Four Seasons
Anastasia Steele is a character in what series of books and movies?  50 Shades of Grey
What Australian filmmaker, known for such films as Witness and The Truman Show, was announced last month as the recipient of an honorary Oscar?  Peter Weir
Google's headquarters are in what U.S state?  California
Dwayne Michael Carter Jr. is the real name of what rapper?  Lil Wayne
Lumière (the candelabra) appears in what 1991 Disney movie?  Beauty and the Beast
Madonna sang the theme to which 2002 Bond movie?  Die Another Day

General Knowledge
The "Blood in the Water match" was a famous 1956 showdown between Hungary and the Soviet Union in what Summer Olympic sport?  Water Polo
Taking its name from the Spanish for "the boy", what warming of the equatorial Pacific Ocean waters often results in tropical storms?  El Niño
In Chess, what is the only piece in the back row that can move before any other pieces have been moved?  Knight
In math, what is another name for a top-heavy fraction?  Improper
What Zodiac sign is represented by a ram?  Aries
Who won the ‘Most Valuable Player’ award for the 2022 NBA Finals?  Stephen Curry
What is the name of the female reproductive structure of a flower?  Pistil
A famous painting by Emanuel Leutze shows George Washington crossing what river?  Delaware
What color is the precious stone called Amethyst?  Purple
John Steinbeck wrote a 1952 novel about being east of what place?  Eden


What American actor played a gig on top of the Berlin Wall on New Year's Eve in 1989?  David Hasselhoff

Bonus Round
According to Greek mythology where does the Goddess Persephone spend half of the year when she is not with her mother?  Underworld
What was the name of Henry VIII’s first wife?  Catherine of Aragon
After being dropped by BBC, Jeremy Clarkson now presents what show on Amazon?  The Grand Tour
What James invented a much-improved steam engine in 1765?  Watt
Who wrote the 1878 book, Anna Karenina?  Leo Tolstoy
The British navy sunk the General Belgrano of what country in May of 1982?  Argentina
What American folk hero had a rifle he called "Old Betsy"?  Davy Crockett
Who composed the famous 1945 opera "Peter Grimes"?  (Benjamin) Britten
The 1750’s ‘Seven Year's War’ was fought between Britain and what other country?  France
Who was Moses and Aaron's sister in the Old Testament?  Miriam

Game 230730F
Game Date: Sunday, July 30, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
"My Favorite Things" and "So Long, Farewell" are songs from what 1965 musical film?  The Sound of Music
What fast food chain recently lost a lawsuit in which a Florida girl won $800,000 for being burned by a chicken nugget?  McDonald’s
Mork and Mindy television show stars what actor as alien Mork?  Robin Williams
The city of Bedrock is the setting for which television series?  The Flintstones
What is Hulu’s series starring Steve Martin, Selena Gomez, and Martin Short?  Only Murders in the Building
What artist released the song "Sorry Not Sorry" in 2017?  Demi Lovato
Lady Gaga is currently filming with Joaquin Phoenix in the sequel to what 2019 film?  Joker
Doctor Emmett Brown is featured in what movie franchise?  Back to the Future
What group released the 2002 album Songs About Jane?  Maroon 5
Flik, Hopper, and Dot are characters in what 1998 Pixar movie?  A Bug’s Life


General Knowledge
How many days are in a fortnight?  14
What famous Paris church suffered a devastating fire in April of 2019?  Notre-Dame Cathedral
In biology, what is the name for the thin layer that forms the outer boundary of a cell?  Membrane
Vitamin B9 is also known by what other name?  Folic Acid (Folate)
What U.S President oversaw the surrender of Robert E. Lee on April 9, 1865, which officially ended the American Civil War?  Abraham Lincoln
What are the names of the written pictographs used as writing in Ancient Egypt?  Hieroglyphics
In the Northern Hemisphere, the Winter Solstice takes places in which month of the year?  December 
In Greek mythology, King Midas turned everything he touched into what substance?  Gold
The CIA has its headquarters in Langley, a city in what U.S state?  Virginia
Scapula is the medical name for what bone?  Shoulder Blade
Natasha Lyonne plays Nadia in what Netflix television series?  Russian Doll

Bonus Round
What is the name for the low-level clouds that produce precipitation that can last for many hours?Nimbus (also accept Nimbostratus or Cumulonimbus)
The Wattle Blossom is the national flower of what country?  Australia
The three current Olympic equestrian disciplines are Eventing, Show Jumping, and what other discipline?  Dressage
‘La Coquete De Monde’ was the original name of what board game?  Risk
The National Weather Service defines a hurricane as a storm with maximum sustained surface winds of what speed (in mph)?  74 mph
A team from what country was first to scale the mountain Annapurna in June of 1950?  France
In astronomy, the outermost boundary of a heliosphere is known as what?  Heliopause
A Ham Hock uses what part of a pig?  Ankle (the point where the leg connects to the foot aka the knuckle)
Benga is popular music from what African country?  Kenya
In what year did David and Victoria Beckham get married?  1999


Game 230731F
Game Date: Monday, July 31, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What famous actor made Demi Moore an "Indecent Proposal" in 1993?  Robert Redford
What country is home to rock band AC/DC?  Australia
After breaking up with actress Winona Ryder, what actor had his "Winona Forever" tattoo edited to read "Wino Forever"?  Johnny Depp
On June 7th, what rapper was awarded a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame… more than 25 years after his murder?  Tupac Shakur
What fast food chain is testing a vegan Crunchwrap, its first fully vegan entrée?  Taco Bell
Best known for his work in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, what English actor played Hank Williams in the 2015 biopic  I Saw the Light?  Tom Hiddleston
One of the most famous in the world, what long-running comic strip is set in Muncie, Indiana… cartoonist Jim Davis' hometown?  Garfield
For the first time in history, thanks to a purpose-built synchrotron instrument, scientists at Argonne National Laboratory were able to X-ray what recently?  A single atom
What 1984 action comedy was the first film to star Eddie Murphy as Detective Axel Foley?  Beverly Hills Cop
What girl group released the album CrazySexyCool in 1994?  TLC


General Knowledge
Where in the body is the glottis located?  Throat
In the late 1920s, a team led by Thomas Midgley Jr. invented Freon for use in what household appliance?  Refrigerator
Rounded to the nearest whole number, how many miles long is a marathon?  26 miles
In tropical regions, what is a cay (pronounced key)?  An island
What famous US family had siblings named John, Joe, Eunice, Patricia, and Bobby?  Kennedy
What famous constellation is named after a mythological Greek hunter?  Orion
With his French Open win on June 10th, how many Grand Slam Men’s Singles Titles has Novak Djokovic won             A) 20 B) 23 C) 25 ?  Answer: B) 23
Affogato is a mix of coffee and what other food item?  Gelato (Ice Cream)
Breathing in what gas can make your voice squeaky?  Helium
Capuchin is a species of what animal?  Monkey


What is Leonard's middle name in the TV series The Big Bang Theory?  Leakey

Bonus Round
What President was nicknamed "Little Magician"?  Martin Van Buren
What is the main language spoken by the inhabitants of the moon Pandora in the James Cameron Avatar films?  Na'vi
In what country is Schiphol airport located?  Netherlands
In 2000, Ralph Nader ran for President of the United States as the candidate from what party?  Green Party
Japanese green Midori liqueur has what flavor?  Melon
Referred to as "the Crime of the Century", Bruno Hauptmann was convicted in 1935 of the kidnapping and murder of the young son of what famous American?  Charles Lindbergh
Las Ramblas is one of the most famous streets in what city?  Barcelona
Mohair yarn comes from what animal?  Goat
What former Chief of Staff of the U.S. Army, named Man of the Year in 1943 and 1947, lent his name to a plan that helped Europe recover from World War II?  George Marshall
News magazine Der Spiegel is printed in what European country?  Germany




Game 230801F
Game Date: Tuesday, August 1, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Made famous in the 1991 blockbuster movie Terminator 2: Judgement Day, what actor said "Hasta la vista, baby"?  Arnold Schwarzenegger
What type of sugar was a 2020 hit song for Harry Styles?  Watermelon
What wisecracking animal accompanies Shrek in the movie of the same name?  Donkey
What singer starred in the 1996 movie The Preacher's Wife?  Whitney Houston
On June 13th, the Las Vegas Golden Knights won their first ever Stanley Cup.  What team did they beat in the finals?  Florida Panthers
Who appeared on the song "Bang Bang" with Jessie J and Nicki Minaj?  Ariana Grande
Who provides the voice for Dory in the Pixar films Finding Nemo and Finding Dory?  Ellen DeGeneres
What longtime host of Wheel of Fortune has announced that he will be retiring after his 41st season with the show?  Pat Sajak
Four children who miraculously survived a plane crash were recently found alive after 40 days in the Amazon rainforest of what country?  Columbia
Who was married to Kris Humphries from 2011 to 2013?  Kim Kardashian

General Knowledge
What element group includes fluorine, chlorine, and iodine?  Halogens
In 1906, Willis Carrier received a patent for the “Apparatus for Treating Air”.  Today it is more commonly known as what?  Air conditioner
What future leader of the American women's suffrage movement was born on February 15, 1820, in Adams, Massachusetts?  Susan B. Anthony
What comet passes Earth every 76 years?  Halley’s Comet
American green bean casserole is traditionally made with what soup?  Cream of Mushroom
Couples attaching what items nicknamed “love locks” to bridges became a nuisance in Venice and Paris?  Padlocks
Who is the coach of the San Antonio Spurs who has won five NBA championships?  Gregg Popovich
What fairy tale character famously pricked her finger with a spinning wheel?  Sleeping Beauty
Associated with the color red, Christian Louboutin is famous for making what item of clothing?  Shoes
Hiball, Flute, Tulip, and Tumbler are all examples of what?  Drinking Glasses

What Big Bang Theory character is called ‘Moon Pie’ by their ‘Meemaw’?  Sheldon

Bonus Round
In ounces, what is the weight of an official NFL football?  14 to 15 ounces
What prominent Enlightenment thinker wrote the 1689 work An Essay Concerning Human Understanding?             John Locke
Who was the wealthy real estate heir who stood trial for multiple murder charges, including that of his friend Susan Berman; the infamous case was explored in the documentary series The Jinx?  Robert Durst
How many Space Shuttle launches did NASA record between 1981 and 2011 (the duration of the Space Shuttle program): A) 127  B) 130  C) 132  D) 135 ?  Answer: D) 135
For 1928, the ‘Man of the Year’ was what auto manufacturer, who joined his company with Dodge and began work on the building that still bears his name?  Walter Chrysler
The Isle of Man lies in a sea between what two countries?  England & Ireland
Most people know that Tom Hanks starred alongside Meg Ryan in the films You’ve Got Mail and Sleepless in Seattle, but in 1990 they starred in a third movie together.  What is the name of this movie?  Joe Versus the Volcano
In what Ian Fleming novel did James Bond first appear?  Casino Royale
What country's capital is the closest world capital to the South Pole?  New Zealand
Technically a fruit (but treated like a vegetable) Babaganoush dip is made using what?  Eggplant


Game 230802F
Game Date: Wednesday, August 2, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What singer married model Iman in 1992?  David Bowie
What band had a hit in 1998 with the song Closing Time -- Fastball, Semisonic, or Aqua?  Semisonic
A giant penguin torments the title character of what 1995 Adam Sandler comedy?  Billy Madison
What is the name of the mixed-reality headset announced by Apple, its first major product in 8+ years?  Vision Pro
C.C. Bloom and Hillary Whitney share a lifelong friendship in what popular 1988 film tearjerker?  Beaches
What actress made her debut as a feature film director with Flamin' Hot, which dropped on Disney+ and Hulu on June 9th?  Eva Longoria
What heavy rock group is mentioned in the song "Teenage Dirtbag" by Wheatus?  Iron Maiden
Francis Suarez, the mayor of what major U.S. city, has announced his bid for the GOP Presidential nomination in 2024?  Miami
What movie character has the code number 007?  James Bond
What musical is about a little redheaded girl in an orphanage?  Annie



General Knowledge
What shape is also the name of a simple musical instrument?  Triangle
In 1825 the Erie Canal was opened which links Lake Erie to what New York river?  The Hudson River
What mineral makes up human bones?  Calcium
Who took over as US President after the Kennedy assassination?  Lyndon B. Johnson
Fourteen-year-old Bobby Fischer won a championship in what activity in January of 1958?  Chess
The Bulls basketball club formed in Chicago in what decade?  1960s
What biology term means walking upright on two legs?  Bipedal
What bird was traditionally taken into a coalmine to detect toxic gas?  Canaries
What type of pie has become a symbol of the United States?  Apple Pie
Bushmills, Jameson, and Tullamore Dew are brands of whiskey from what country?  Ireland
What ‘Monty Python’ member directed the film 12 Monkeys?  Terry Gilliam

Bonus Round
Borax and Kernite are forms of what element?  Boron
In what country was English Civil War general Thomas Fairfax born?  Yorkshire
The Charge of the Light Brigade was a famous British cavalry charge in what 1850s war?  Crimean War
Historically, the 1855 theft in Britain was referred to as The Great ______ Robbery.  Gold
What 1958 ‘Man of the Year’, who became President of France that year, led free France against Nazi Germany during World War II?  Charles de Gaulle 
Edgar Degas was famous for painting people participating in what specific art form?  Ballet
Chromium oxide creates what color in precious stones?  Green
Calvados is a French brandy made from what fruit?  Apple
Folk hero Ned Kelly was associated with what country in the late 19th century?  Australia
In what year were North and South Yemen united to form Yemen?  1990

Game 230803F
Game Date: Thursday, August 3, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who was the lead singer of Derek and the Dominoes?  Eric Clapton
What controversial Irish singer died this past Wednesday, July 26th?  Sinead O’Connor
Nicole Kidman is married to what Australian singer?  Keith Urban
Sandy Olsson is a character in what movie musical?  Grease
After 13 years as a majority owner, what NBA legend is sold his stake in the Charlotte Hornets?  Michael Jordan
What is House's first name in the U.S medical show of the same name?  Gregory
With content going "from screen to table", what streaming service opened a pop-up restaurant in Los Angeles on June 30th?  Netflix
Whose vocals appear on the song "I'll Be Missing You" with Puff Daddy?  Faith Evans
Adam Richard Wiles is a DJ who dated Taylor Swift. What is his stage name?  Calvin Harris
Wario, Luigi, Donkey Kong, and Daisy are characters in what video games franchise?  Mario

General Knowledge
The most common value in a list of numbers is called the what?  Mode
What name is given to the kitchen on a boat?  Galley
What author’s novels include Pet Sematary and Carrie?  Stephen King
The process of breaking down food into molecules small enough for the body to absorb is known as what?  Digestion
Historically, the 1963 theft in Britain was referred to as The Great ______ Robbery.  Train
What common vegetable was used by Mendel in his theories on genetics?  Peas
What sport is the Heisman trophy awarded in?  Football
People in Germany say "Gesundheit" after what occurs?  A Sneeze
Baked Alaska is served for what course during a meal?  Dessert
What French expression marks final victory or is used for a mercy killing of a badly wounded animal?  Coup de grâce


What is the first name of Demi Moore's character in Ghost?  Molly

Bonus Round
What climate activist was the first ‘Person of the Year’ born in the 21st century?  Greta Thunberg
Patagonia is a region shared by what two South American countries?  Chile & Argentina
 In what year did Tiger Woods become a professional golfer?  1996
Built by Raytheon in 1947, the Radarange was the world's first commercially available version of what appliance?  Microwave oven
What well-known board game was originally released in France in 1957 as "La Conquête du Monde"?  Risk
What famous author wrote the book, In Cold Blood, which detailed the 1959 Clutter Family murders?  Truman Capote
What type of bird appears with Frida Kahlow and a thorn necklace in a self-portrait?  Hummingbird
At the age of 14 Hayley Mills was awarded a Special Oscar for her work in what film?  Pollyanna
What inventor was known as the ‘Wizard Of Menlo Park’?  Thomas Edison
In 1948, the Soviets blocked off rail and road traffic to what city?  Berlin



Game 230804F
Game Date: Friday, August 4, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
"Mmm Mmm Good" is the longtime slogan for what soup brand?  Campbell's
An Alfred Hitchcock classic is about what window?  Rear
The movie Pretty Woman is set in what U.S city?  Los Angeles
What Actress can you find on the TV show Euphoria and in the movies Spider-Man: No Way Home and The Greatest Showman?  Zendaya
The Looney Tunes’ character Sylvester is what type of animal?  Cat
Approximately the size of a microwave oven, the spacecraft CAPSTONE was launched by NASA in 2022 on a mission to where?  The Moon
Tom Cruise famously yelled "Show me the money!" in what 1996 film?  Jerry Maguire
Rizzo, Frenchy, Marty, and Jan are characters in what 1978 film?  Grease
Last month, the 48th G7 summit was hosted in what European country?  Germany
Dwayne Johnson had a professional career in what sport beginning in 1996 before going into acting?  Wrestling


General Knowledge
A deficiency of what mineral typically causes Anemia?  Iron
Wrigley Field is home to what MLB team?  The Chicago Cubs
A toga is a traditional garment from what ancient civilization?  Rome
Angina typically affects what organ?  Heart
What color is a Ferrari ‘Rosso Corsa’?  Red
What is the second letter of the Greek alphabet?  Beta
How many teams are currently in the NFL?  32 teams
Bananas Foster is an American dessert that is served over what?  Ice Cream
A saga was an epic tale in the mythology of what part of the world?  Scandinavia (Nordic countries)
According to the saying, what animals abandon a sinking ship?  Rats
The Ben Affleck movie 200 Cigarettes is set in what city?  New York City

Bonus Round
"It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen" is the opening line of what 1949 dystopian novel?  1984 
What is the common name for the disease called Trismus?  Lockjaw
Tteokguk is a soup eaten across what country, in celebration of the New Year?  Korea
The skeleton of what English King was found under a parking lot in 2013?  King Richard III
What was the name of the currency in Portugal before the euro?  Escudo
The ‘Islets of Langerhans’ are found in which bodily organ?  Pancreas
White and what other color make up the majority of the Vatican City flag?  Yellow
What is the native continent for the plant commonly referred to as ‘Dinosaur Food’?  South America
What is the fourth book of the Old Testament?  Numbers
The ‘Nutmeg State’ is a nickname for what U.S state?  Connecticut 

Game 230806F
Game Date: Sunday, August 6, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
"I mean, it's one banana, Michael. What could it cost, $10?" is a line from what sitcom?  Arrested Development
Who beat out John Cusack and Michael J. Fox for the title role in the film Ferris Bueller's Day Off?  Matthew Broderick
What over-the-top use of the color pink, 2023 movie has currently grossed over $750 million worldwide?  Barbie
What actor played Elizabeth Swann in The Pirates of the Caribbean movies?  Keira Knightley
Zack Morris and Kelly Kapowski are characters in what T.V show?  Saved by the Bell
In the HBO series Game of Thrones, what is the first name of Cersei's twin brother?  Jaime
Iron Maiden is a heavy rock band from what country?  England
What letter does the new Twitter logo use?  Pinterest
Meghan Markle played Rachel Zane in what television legal drama?  Suits
"It’s close to midnight" is the start of what Michael Jackson song?  Thriller






General Knowledge
Acoustics is a branch of physics concerned with studying what?  Sound
Explorer Marco Polo is from what country?  Italy
Madison Square Garden is home to what NBA team?  New York Knicks
Angioplasty is an operation to improve blood flow to what organ?  Heart
What is the third letter of the Greek alphabet?  Gamma
How many teams are currently in the NHL?  32 teams
What sort of meat is typically used to make a Reuben sandwich?  Corned Beef
Actors say it's unlucky to mention what Shakespearean play inside a theater?  Macbeth
Cantilever and Suspension are types of what structure?  Bridge
After English, what is the most commonly spoken language in the U.S?  Spanish
Bing Crosby plays CK Dexter Haven in what movie?  High Society

Bonus Round
On Feb. 10, 1825, what Peruvian dictator took on the title ‘El Libertador’?  Simon Bolivar
What is the second densest planet in our solar system?  Mercury
Who accompanies Troilus in the name of a Shakespearean play?  Cressida
What three famous composers are known as “the 3 B’s” of classical music?  Bach, Brahms, and Beethoven
What was Lancelot "Capability" Brown famous for designing?  Landscapes
Paloma is a Mexican alcoholic cocktail of Tequila and what?  Grapefruit Juice
How many Olivier Awards has Harry Potter and the Cursed Child been awarded?  9
‘Go’ is a very popular strategy game invented in what country?  China
Who wrote classic children's novel Anne of Green Gables?  L.M. Montgomery
What type of insects live in formicaries?  Ants



Game 230807F
Game Date: Monday, August 7, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
In the English girl group the Spice Girls, Geri Halliwell/Horner, goes by what stage name?  Ginger Spice
On June 11, what co-star of Shucked and Zoey's Extraordinary Playlist became the second Glee Project alumnus to win a Tony Award?  Alex Newell
Who was Heidi Klum married to from 2005 to 2014?  Seal
Chris Chambers, Vern Tessio, Teddy Duchamp, and Gordie LaChance are the childhood friends at the center of what popular coming-of-age film?  Stand By Me
Rather than Dyersville, Iowa, Major League Baseball's ‘Field of Dreams’ game will be held in what southern city in 2024?  Birmingham, Alabama
What actor played the part of ‘The Joker’ in the 2008 film The Dark Knight?  Heath Ledger
The new Broadway musical Once Upon a One More Time is an empowering tale of fairy tale princesses, set to the music of what pop star?  Britney Spears
What co-founder of Apple Computers also co-founded the Silicon Valley Comic Con in 2016?  Steve Wozniak
Martin Sheen won a Golden Globe for his role as President Josiah "Jed" Bartlet on what acclaimed NBC drama series?  The West Wing
Released in 2010, Forever After is the name of the last film in what animated film franchise?  Shrek

General Knowledge
Eriskay, Shire, and Arabian are all breeds of what type of animal?  Horse
Going by the symbol Ca, what element on the periodic table has the atomic number 20?  Calcium
Fill-in-the-blank on this tagline from a popular '80s ad campaign: "Milk does a ______ good."  Body
In the mathematical order of operations, what comes between multiplication and addition?  Division
What element in coffee is the stimulant?  Caffeine
West Point Military Academy was established in 1802 in what U.S state?  New York
What was the first industry to embrace the changes of the Industrial Revolution?  Textile
The Black Hills are located in Wyoming and what other U.S state?  South Dakota
What muscle is found in the back of the upper arm?  Triceps
Donning number 11 on his jerseys, what Canadian hockey legend had nicknames like Messiah and the Moose?     Mark Messier

What movie is the sequel to Romancing the Stone?  The Jewel of the Nile

Bonus Round
Sault Sainte Marie was the first European settlement in what U.S state?  Michigan
Ana Cumpănaș, nicknamed "Woman in Red", was known for assisting the FBI in tracking down what famous gangster in 1934?  John Dillinger
What disease is also known as Hanson's disease?  Leprosy
What U.S painter caught the loneliness of city life in the 1930s and 1940s?  Edward Hooper
Ultimately winning this award three times, what U.S President was the first person to be named ‘Man of the Year’ twice?  Franklin D. Roosevelt 
What ship rescued most survivors from the Titanic?  Carpathia
What country launched the Astrosat space lab in 2015?  India
What English general medical practitioner is known to have killed at least 218 of his patients, and became a beneficiary in the will of Kathleen Grundy?  Harold Shipman
What is the smallest Canadian province?  Prince Edward Island
What actress is a producer on genealogy show Who Do You Think You Are?  Lisa Kudrow


Game 230808F
Game Date: Tuesday, August 8, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
In the English girl group the Spice Girls, Victoria Beckham/Adams, goes by what stage name?  Posh Spice
What Indian Prime Minister paid a state visit to Washington recently?  Prime Minister Modi
What music executive, who created NSYNC and Backstreet Boys, was found guilty of defrauding investors of more than $300 million?  Lou Pearlman
In The Hangover, friends Alan Garner, Phil Wenneck, Stu Price, and Doug Billings are known by what group name?  The Wolfpack
What deep-sea explorer and director of the 1997 film Titanic recently said that the design of the Titan submersible was “critically flawed”?  James Cameron
What actor played the part of ‘The Joker’ in the 2016 film The Suicide Squad?  Jared Leto
What team drafted 7'5" French phenom Victor Wembanyama with the first overall pick in the 2023 NBA draft?          San Antonio Spurs
What 1998 cult film classic used the tagline, "Her life was in their hands.  Now her toe is in the mail."?                       The Big Lebowski
Robin Wright played U.S. president Claire Underwood on what Netflix series?  House of Cards
There are four main characters in the animated series South Park: their names are Kyle, Stan, Cartman, and what?  Kenny

General Knowledge
Peroni beer is brewed in what European country?  Italy 
A letter or symbol whose value always stays the same is known as a mathematic what?  Constant
In what decade did the Vietnam War end?  1970s
Going by the symbol Na, what element on the periodic table has the atomic number 11?  Sodium
Mexican Tamales are steamed in a Banana Leaf or a what?  Corn Husk
Honshu is the main island in what country?  Japan
Rolls Royce famously makes what items for the aircraft industry?  Engines
The country of Tunisia is the northernmost point on what continent?  Africa
The adjective "equine" refers to what animal?  Horse
In the mathematical order of operations, what comes between parentheses and multiplication?  Exponents
What Hollywood star appears in Glee as substitute teacher Holly Holiday?  Gwyneth Paltrow 


Bonus Round
Bandar Seri Begawan is the capital of what Asian country?  Brunei
What three-letter term is another name for caustic soda or sodium hydroxide?  Lye
What famous American general, once portrayed by George C. Scott in film, was born on November 11, 1885?   General George S. Patton
The hook symbol under a letter, usually a C in French, has what name?  Cedilla
What criminal organization, once led by Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán, rose to become one of the most powerful and violent drug cartels in Mexico?  The Sinaloa Cartel
When President Clinton was named ‘Man of the Year’ in 1998, he shared the title with what man, his chief antagonist?  Kenneth Starr
What National Football League team won Super Bowl XI in 1977 defeating the Minnesota Vikings?                            (Las Vegas FKA Oakland) Raiders
What city is nicknamed the "Rubber Capital of the World"?  Akron (Ohio)
Who is the dictatorial father figure in the Dickens’ novel Hard Times?  Thomas Gradgrind
RTE was launched as the national broadcaster of what European country in 1961?  Ireland

Game 230809F
Game Date: Wednesday, August 9, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
In the English girl group, the Spice Girls, Emma Bunton, goes by what stage name?  Baby Spice
The story of Frank Abagnale Jr., a young man who assumed numerous identities while perpetrating fraud and forging checks, was the subject of what 2002 Leonardo DiCaprio film?  Catch Me If You Can
Dionne Warwick, Billy Crystal, and Queen Latifah are among the luminaries that will receive what honor in Washington, DC this December?  Kennedy Center Honors
In Ferris Bueller's Day Off, what was the first name of Ferris' hypochondriac best friend?  Cameron
The tourist island of Ulko-Tammio, in the Gulf of Finland, is encouraging visitors to do what all-but-unthinkable act while there?  Switch off cell phones
What actor played the part of ‘The Joker’ in the 1989 film Batman?  Jack Nicholson
What quarterback and former NFL MVP recently made headlines for crediting psychedelics for improving his performance on the field?  Aaron Rodgers	
“Frolic” by Luciano Michelini is the instrumental theme music to what Larry David series?  Curb Your Enthusiasm
Kevin James plays a video game nerd-turned-President of the United States in what 2015 action comedy film starring Adam Sandler?  Pixels
Isla Fisher is married to what British Comedian and Borat star?  Sacha Baron Cohen


General Knowledge
Gingivitis is inflammation in what part of the body?  Gums
Globe and Jerusalem are varieties of what vegetable?  Artichoke
Going by the symbol Ne, what element on the periodic table has the atomic number 10?  Neon
Popular vacation spot Martha's Vineyard is located in what U.S state?  Massachusetts
What British monarch died on March 24, 1603, after nearly 45 years in power?  Elizabeth I
Areas of the sun suddenly appearing much brighter is known as what?  Flare
A Goo Goo Cluster is a piece of candy that consists of marshmallow nougat, caramel, and roasted peanuts, covered in what?  Milk Chocolate
Charles's Law is an equation referring to what state of matter?  Gas
Marco Polo was a 13th century explorer born in what European country?  Italy
Petrography is the study and classification of what?  Rocks




What group had a hit with "Work from Home" in 2016?  Fifth Harmony

Bonus Round
What sort of sea creature was Paul, who became famous for predicting matches in the 2010 World Cup?  Octopus
McDonald's opened its first ski-through restaurant in what country in1998?  Sweden
Which geologic period comes between the Silurian and Carboniferous?  Devonian
The last sighting of an Asiatic lion outside India was in what decade?  1940s
Prominent revolutionary Leon Trotsky was born in what modern-day country?  Ukraine
Sabatons are pieces of armor worn on what part of the body?  Feet
"The American Fighting Man" was the first group named ‘Man of the Year’… in order to honor the U.S. soldiers fighting in what conflict?  Korean War
What was the name of the Lunar Module for the Apollo 11 mission to the moon?  Eagle
In the Middle Ages, what Italian city were the Medicis known for ruling?  Florence
What is the capital of Greenland?  Nuuk


Game 230810F
Game Date: Thursday, August 10, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
In the English girl group, the Spice Girls, Melanie Brown aka Mel B, goes by what stage name?  Scary Spice
Scientists recently discovered phosphorous, a compound chemical important for life, on Enceladus, a moon around which planet in our solar system?  Saturn
With what classic film would you associate the line, "A boy's best friend is his mother"?  Psycho
What bug-eyed, gibberish-talking toy from the '90s is making a comeback in honor of its 25th anniversary?  Furby
What award-winning writer and comedian plays banjo on (and is mentioned in the lyrics of) Kelly Clarkson's new song “I Hate Love”?  Steve Martin
What singer got married to comedian Russell Brand in 2010?  Katy Perry
What actor played the part of ‘The Joker’ in the 2019 film Joker?  Joaquin Phoenix
What former NASDAQ chairman and founder of his own Wall Street investment firm admitted to running an elaborate multi-billion-dollar Ponzi scheme in 2008?  Bernie Madoff
Who played President Baxter Harris in the spoof movies Scary Movie 3 and Scary Movie 4?  Leslie Nielsen
What country gives out entertainment awards called Baftas?  United Kingdom

General Knowledge
Going by the symbol S, what element on the periodic table has the atomic number 16?  Sulfur
The philosopher Confucius was from what country?  China
In what suburb of Los Angeles would you find the iconic Rose Bowl stadium?  Pasadena
What two options are usually put on the rim of a Margarita?  Sugar or Salt
In the mathematical order of operations, what comes between exponents and division?  Multiplication
The trachea is divided into two tubes that carry air to the lungs – what are they called?  Bronchi
What Civil Rights leader won the Nobel Peace prize in 1964?  Martin Luther King Jr.
Braeburn, Golden Delicious, and Granny Smith are varieties of what kind of fruit?  Apple
What swimming stroke is named after an insect?  Butterfly
The name of what part of Canada means "New Scotland"?  Nova Scotia
What group was "Set Adrift on Memory Bliss" in 1991?  P.M. Dawn

Bonus Round
Vientiane is the capital of what Asian country?  Laos
What U.S. President was the only person to be named ‘Man of the Year’ two years in a row?  Richard Nixon
What U.S. state is known as the "11th State", for being the 11th of the original 13 to join the union?  New York
A man named Charlie Gordon undergoes a procedure to increase his IQ in what 1966 novel by Daniel Keyes?  Flowers for Algernon
In relation to enclosed liquids, Pascal’s principle applies to what?  Pressure
Who wrote the famous play Look Back In Anger?  John Osbourne
In what country was philosopher Dimitri Uznadze born?  Georgia
How many years did Warren G. Harding serve as President?  2
Boudicca led Celtic troops in a revolt against what forces?  Roman
What key crossing point in Berlin was opened for the first time in 30 years in December 1989?  Brandenburg Gate

Game 230811F
Game Date: Friday, August 11, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Thanks in part to her company Fenty Beauty, what Barbadian singer in 2022 became America’s youngest self-made female billionaires?  Rihanna
What date last month was also Aphelion Day; the day in which Earth is at its farthest annual point from the Sun?     July 6th
What is the first name of Fred and Wilma Flintstone’s daughter?  Pebbles
As revealed last month, what retired basketball legend will be featured on the cover of the upcoming NBA 2K24 video game?  Kobe Bryant
What famous singer welcomed twins, Max and Emme, in 2008?  Jennifer Lopez
What comedy legend (who lived to be 100) said, "I grew up with six brothers. That's how I learned to dance… waiting for the bathroom"?  Bob Hope
Not wanting to use the term doll, Hasbro coined the term ‘action figure’ when they introduced what toy in the early 1960s?  G.I. Joe
What NFL team did Rod Tidwell play for, portrayed by Cuba Gooding Jr., in the 1996 film Jerry Maguire?            Arizona Cardinals
Actor Alexander Skarsgård comes from what European country?  Sweden
FBI Special Agent Dale Cooper is a character in what T.V series?  Twin Peaks

General Knowledge
The India Meteorological Department is responsible for forecasting, tracking, and naming tropical storms in the northern part of what ocean?  Indian Ocean
According to the saying, you shouldn't put all of your _______ in one basket.  Eggs
Who was on the cover of a 1972 Sports Illustrated cover sporting seven gold medals around his neck?  Mark Spitz
The Rockefeller family made their fortune in what industry?  Oil
A soup made with corn, milk, butter, and minced vegetables would be called Corn what?  Chowder
Who wrote the play "Hamlet"?  William Shakespeare
A golf hole with a bend in it is known as what animal's leg?  Dog
The Great Smoky Mountains National Park was opened in 1940 on the border of North Carolina and what other state?  Tennessee
Agronomists are scientists in what industry?  Agriculture (Farming)
An Octagon has how many sides?  8

In When Harry Met Sally, what is Sally's surname?  Albright

Bonus Round
What expensive spice is taken from the Crocus sativus flower?  Saffron
The Pygmy Chimpanzee is an alternative name for what ape?  Bonobo
What is the lightest element whose isotopes are all radioactive?  Technetium
Mapother is the actual last name of what famous actor?  Tom Cruise
What Caribbean island was invaded by the U.S. in 1983?  Grenada
What country was called Cambria by the Romans?  Wales
Chinese Gooseberry is another name for what fruit?  Kiwi
The relationship between pressure and speed are described in whose principle?  Bernoulli
Who was the 33rd President of the United States?  Harry S. Truman
What country had its first successful nuclear test on October 16, 1964?  China


Game 230813F
Game Date: Sunday, August 13, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
In what video game would you encounter the ghosts Blinky, Pinky, Inky and Clyde?  Pac-Man
On July 6, the 2023 Festival of San Fermín officially kicked off in what Spanish city?  Pamplona
Tom Hiddleston plays what Norse God in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?  Loki
In 1988, 119,986 people set the world record for the longest Conga dance line – a song by what famous singer?  Gloria Estefan
A car called ‘General Lee’ was the star of what 80’s T.V show?  Dukes of Hazzard
In the 1974 film The Longest Yard, Burt Reynolds played ‘quarterback-turned-convict’ Paul Crewe. What actor played this role in the 2005 remake?  Adam Sandler
Buffy was what type of slayer in both the T.V series and movie?  Vampire
Once thought to be extinct, the small whorled pogonia orchid was seen last month in what New England state for the first time since 1902?  Vermont
What artist released albums called Red and 1989?  Taylor Swift
When he was on Dancing with the Stars in 2014, Alfonso Ribeiro showed off what signature dance move; a move he first demonstrated on The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air?  The Carlton

General Knowledge
What Olympic event uses a piece of equipment, that has its origins in wooden horses used by the Romans, to teach mounting and dismounting?  Pommel horse
Every May, the city of Holland, Michigan hosts a festival dedicated to what flower?  Tulip
What term is given to the flat piece hinged vertically near the stern of a boat or ship that is used for steering?  Rudder
In the United States, a plate of Buffalo Wings is served with what green vegetable?  Celery
What is the more common term for the health emergency known as a ‘cerebrovascular accident’?  Stroke
Yen is the currency used in what country?  Japan
A journey that birds make from cold to warm climates has what name?  Migration
According to the proverb, a little of what might be a dangerous thing?  Knowledge
Prussia was part of what country before WWI?  Germany
A Heptagon has how many sides?  7
Jodie Foster plays Laurel in what period drama film?  Sommersby

Bonus Round
What retired U.S. general formed the political action committee WesPAC after his own failed bid for the White House in 2004?  Wesley Clark
What is the national flower of Bulgaria?  Rose
Bactrian and Dromedary are species of what animal?  Camel
Touchstone is a character in which of Shakespeare’s plays?  As You Like It
Welsh people celebrate the day of their Patron Saint, David, in what month of the year?  March
Not including Cyprus (as it is geographically located in Asia but politically considered to be part of Europe) name the three Asian countries that border the Mediterranean Sea?  Syria, Lebanon, and Israel
The Chassigny meteorite fell from which planet in 1815?  Mars
What is the name of the chain-reaction type machine that features in the game Mouse Trap?  	                            Rube Goldberg Machine
The first form of aspirin came from the bark of what type of tree?  Willow
The Glorious Revolution of 1868 overthrew Queen Isabella II as the leader of what European country?  Spain

Game 230814F
Game Date: Monday, August 14, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
The Chicago Cubs and the St. Louis Cardinals recently played a two-game series in what major European city?  London
Charles Bronson appeared as vigilante Paul Kersey in four sequels to what 1974 film?  Death Wish
What character has been voiced by Tom Hanks in all four Toy Story films?  Woody
Who has been announced as the new host of Wheel of Fortune, following Pat Sajak's imminent retirement?           Ryan Seacrest
Quick-Stop is the convenience store that best friends Dante and Randal work in what indie film?  Clerks
What was in the bottle in a 1999 Christina Aguilera song?  Genie
Gene Hackman's final film role before retirement was as former U.S. president Monroe "Eagle" Cole in what 2004 comedy?  Welcome to Mooseport
On June 29, what company launched its first commercial flight to the edge of space, on a craft named VMS Eve?  Virgin Galactic
What four-word motto does the title character repeat to itself in the classic folktale The Little Engine That Could?          "I think I can”
Who sings on the David Guetta song "Titanium"?  Sia





General Knowledge
What system of the body contains the heart and blood vessels?  Cardiovascular
In grammar, what word is the only definite article in the English language?  The
Located near the corner of Brookline and Lansdowne Streets, Cask 'n Flagon is a famous bar outside of what iconic baseball stadium?  Fenway Park
The Super Bowl is played on what day of the week?  Sunday
Puffball is a type of what wild food?  Mushroom
Heathcliff is the main character in what beloved novel by Emily Brontë?  Wuthering Heights
Anaphylactic shock is the technical term for what?  Allergic Reaction
Krispy Kreme is most known for what product?  Doughnuts
The Clubman, Countryman, and Paceman are all models by what car manufacturer?  Mini (Cooper)
What is the capital of Kansas?  Topeka



Bridges in what county is the title of a Meryl Streep movie?  Madison

Bonus Round
A material is easily crumbled or broken down into smaller pieces is called what?  Friable
Chemist Sir Humphry Davy famously invented a safety lamp for what industry?  Mining
What US state hosted the Winter Olympics in 1960?  California
Who coined the phrase "the medium is the message" in the '60s?  Marshall McLuhan
Who was US President during the War of 1812?  James Madison
In 1958, gangster Johnny Stompanato was killed by Cheryl Crane, the teenage daughter of what Hollywood star who was involved in a tumultuous relationship with him?  Lana Turner
What does the Latin word "rex" mean in English?  King/Ruler
Who was the original narrator of the TV documentary Walking With Dinosaurs?  Kenneth Branagh
What is the name for a female fox?  Vixen
What was the only Australian city bombed by Japan in WWII?  Darwin

Game 230815F
Game Date: Tuesday, August 15, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
 Bernie Taupin and what artist wrote the song "Candle in the Wind" about Marilyn Monroe?  Elton John
Who played President Benjamin Asher in the action films Olympus Has Fallen and London Has Fallen?                Aaron Eckhart
It was recently revealed that Rachel Brosnahan would be portraying which character in James Gunn's upcoming film Superman: Legacy?  Lois Lane
What character has been voiced by Tim Allen in all four Toy Story films?  Buzz Lightyear
What e-commerce company purchased, and has since changed its name to, Bed Bath & Beyond?  Overstock.com
What founder and CEO of Facebook was ‘Time’s Person of the Year’ for 2010 at the age of 26?  Mark Zuckerberg
Of Bette Midler, Annette Bening, Goldie Hawn and Diane Keaton, which actress was NOT one of the trio of friends who made up 1996's The First Wives Club?  Annette Bening
For July 4th, what company recently taste-tested a new condiment, Colachup, at four MLB ballparks around the U.S.?  Pepsi
The character Eleven from the Netflix series Stranger Things is portrayed by what actress?  Millie Bobby Brown
Chumbawamba's 2002 song “Don't Pass Go” was inspired by what board game?  Monopoly

General Knowledge
What famous American poet wrote the poem The Road Not Taken?  Robert Frost
What 11th astrological sign in the zodiac is sometimes referred to as the ‘Water Bearer’?  Aquarius
The heart has a left and a right ventricle, and above those, a left and a right what?  Atrium
What is the best-selling commercial cookie in the United States?  Oreos
95% of blood cells are produced by what part of the body?  Bone Marrow
What word was added to dictionaries in 2013 to refer to a style of provocative dancing?  Twerk
What gas is in the bubbles of sparkling drinks?  Carbon Dioxide
What calendar allows you to count down the days to Christmas?  Advent
What animal's name translates as "river horse"?  Hippopotamus
The Musée du Louvre is a famous art gallery in what city?  Paris

Garfield High School in the city of Freeland features in what TV series?  Black Lightning

Bonus Round
What is the first element alphabetically?  Actinium
In what decade did Southwest airlines first take flight?  1970s
Jagiellonian University, one of Eastern Europe's oldest seats of learning, is in what city?  Krakow
What British artist painted The Watering Place?  Thomas Gainsborough
Francisco, Caliban, and Prospero are moons of what planet?  Uranus
Kofi Annan was succeeded as Secretary-General of the United Nations by who in 2007?  Ban-ki Moon
Cornell University produced what human body part using a 3D printer?  Ear
1673 saw the introduction of mail services between Boston and what other US city?  New York
Who was the heroine of Beverly Cleary's children's books?  Ramona Quimby
What is the currency in Malaysia?  Ringgit

Game 230816F
Game Date: Wednesday, August 16, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
The 1962 cartoon Louvre Come Back to Me! was the final classic Looney Tunes cartoon to star what animated skunk?  Pepé Le Pew
What is the fruity name of the natural phenomenon that is turning some of the mountains in Utah pink and red?  Watermelon Snow
Who sings with Pitbull on the 2013 song "Timber"?  Kesha
What rapper, born Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr., was inducted into the Celebrity Wing of the WWE Hall of Fame in 2016?  Snoop Dogg
A year after being nominated for her second Oscar, what Black Panther: Wakanda Forever actress is set to receive an honorary Oscar in 2024?  Angela Bassett
Welcoming athletes from some 170 countries, which European city hosted the 2023 Special Olympics from June 17 to 25?  Berlin
"On a dark desert highway" is the opening line of what 1977 song?  Hotel California
What superhero television series featured Lynda Carter as President Olivia Marsdin—who was an enemy alien in disguise?  Supergirl
Kyriakos Mitsotakis was recently elected to a second term as Prime Minister of what country?  Greece
What was the name of the album released by Eminem in August 2018?  Kamikaze


General Knowledge
What system of the body protects the body from infection and foreign harmful substances?  Immune
Located in the western Pacific Ocean, what is the world's largest oceanic trench?  Mariana Trench
What is ‘the blossom’ in a traditional Peanut Butter Blossom cookie?  Hershey Kiss
Les Paul, Leo Fender, and Adolph Rickenbacker were innovators in what music technology?  Electric Guitar
What Swiss city was the headquarters of the League of Nations?  Geneva
The clavicle is more commonly referred to as what?  Collar Bone
What famous leader was released from prison in 1990 after 27 years?  Nelson Mandela
What Italian sauce is made from basil, garlic, pine nuts, and olive oil?  Pesto
Renegade, Wrangler, and Cherokee are all models by what car manufacturer?  Jeep
What is the capital of Iowa?  Des Moines

Medical drama Nip/Tuck was originally set in what city?  Miami

Bonus Round
In the 2017 horror film It, how many friends make up the Losers Club?  7
In WWII, what was the first of the Axis powers to surrender to the Allies?  Italy
Ores of what element are called skutterudite and glaucodot?  Cobalt
Who had a 1950 Number 1 hit with the song Rag Mop?  The Ames Brothers
What US President announced in 1968 that he would not seek re-election?  Lyndon B. Johnson
What shipping company owned the Titanic?  White Star
Stag, Goliath, and Green Tiger are varieties of what insect?  Beetle
Who played the title role in the 1964 film Zorba the Greek?  Anthony Quinn
A bomb exploded in the cockpit of a TWA aircraft in what city in 1972?  Las Vegas
The Pompidou Center is an important Arts venue in what European city?  Paris

Game 230817F
Game Date: Thursday, August 17, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What 1983 film featured a cast of up-and-coming stars including Tom Cruise, Patrick Swayze, Emilio Estevez, Ralph Macchio and Rob Lowe?  The Outsiders
What social networking service and competitor to Twitter was recently launched by Facebook's parent company Meta on July 5th?  Threads
In the 1997 film My Best Friend's Wedding, who played the best friend that Julia Roberts realizes she's in love with?  Dermot Mulroney
"Hello" was a 1984 hit song for what singer?  Lionel Richie
What Shark Tank investor appeared as President Marcus Robbins in the 2015 TV movie Sharknado 3: Oh Hell No!?  Mark Cuban
What 1959 movie won 11 Academy Awards including ‘Best Picture’?  Ben-Hur
What space tourism company, founded by Richard Branson, recently completed its first commercial spaceflight?    Virgin Galactic
What actor played the role of Danny Ocean, the leader of the group of thieves in the 1960 version of Ocean’s 11?  Frank Sinatra
Avowed film buffs Martin Scorsese, Steven Spielberg, and Paul Thomas Anderson, have banded together to save what cable network following a series of layoffs?  TCM (Turner Classic Movies)
Get Your Wings was a 1974 album by what US rock group?  Aerosmith


General Knowledge
What is the capital of Indiana?  Indianapolis
The first Apple Macintosh Computer was released in what year?  A)1984  B)1985  C)1986 -- Answer: A)1984
From 1917 to 2015, the Alaskan mountain Denali was named in honor of what U.S. president?  William McKinley
The heart has a left and a right atrium, and below those, a left and a right what?  Ventricle 
Along with gravy and fried potato, what would you expect to find on a dish of poutine?  Cheese 
Who was the first man to set foot on the Moon?  Neil Armstrong
The pancreas has dual roles - it is an organ of the digestive system and which other system?  Endocrine system
Although pronounced differently, what bean is also a South American capital city?  Lima
What is the mother of invention, according to the proverb?  Necessity
Rogue, Murano, and Juke are all models of what car manufacturer?  Nissan

Meghan Trainor is from what US state?  Massachusetts

Bonus Round
What is the last element alphabetically?  Zirconium
Sara Jane Moore unsuccessfully tried to assassinate what US President in 1975?  Gerald Ford
It's well known where the story of best friends Thelma & Louise ends, but in what state does the film begin?  Arkansas
Who was the first scientist to realize elements can exist in the form of molecules?  (Amedeo) Avogardo
The G.I. Joe toy soldier was first released in what decade?  1960s
Who wrote the poem "Elegy Written in a Country Churchyard"?  Thomas Gray
When Pocahontas converted to Christianity, what was her first name?  Rebecca
What country produces the most olives in the world?  Spain
What artist released the 2018 album Fantasea II: The Second Wave?  Azealia Banks
In what state did the Battle of the Assunpink Creek take place?  New Jersey

Game 230818F
Game Date: Friday, August 18, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Wesley Snipes and what actor got their first big-screen credits in the football comedy Wildcats?  Hint: The two would pair up again for a basketball comedy six years later.  Woody Harrelson
In the popular Tchaikovsky ballet, a girl named Odette is turned into what type of bird?  Swan
Hasbro Inc. and the New York Times worked together to develop a new board game based on what obsessively popular digital word-guessing game?  Wordle
What band starred in a television special in 1967 called Magical Mystery Tour?  The Beatles
What Chuck Berry classic does Marty perform at the Enchantment Under the Sea dance in the first Back to the Future film?  Johnny B. Goode
Glenn Close and Michael Douglas had what sort of attraction in a 1987 movie?  Fatal
"Hakuna Matata" is a song from what Disney animated film?  The Lion King
What HBO series, starring Brian Cox and Jeremy Strong, recently received a total of 25 Emmy nominations?  Succession
"You Can't Stop the Beat" is a song from what award-winning Broadway musical?  Hairspray
Charlize Theron is an actress from what country?  South Africa


General Knowledge
What toy which is one of the best-selling of all time, was originally developed to teach students about 3D geometry?  Rubik’s Cube
How many boroughs make up New York city?  5
What children's author penned the seminal work, One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish?  Dr. Seuss
According to Freud's psychoanalytic theory, what is the third component of the psychic apparatus - along with ego and super-ego?  Id
What is the most formal dress code when attending an event?  White-Tie
Between 1896 and 1899, around 100,000 people traveled to Alaska looking for what?  Gold
Pain caused by Tonsillitis mostly affects what part of the body?  Throat
Edwin Hubble was an American scientist in what field?  Astronomy
If you order wurst in Germany, what would you be ordering?  Sausage
In what decade was the first Super Bowl held?  1960s (1967)
Knots Landing was a spin-off of what primetime soap opera?  Dallas

Bonus Round
What Latin phrase means ‘in good faith’?  Bona Fide
Who painted the famous painting 'Cypresses'?  Vincent van Gogh
What is the name for the Mesopotamian temples that closely resemble a pyramid with steps?  Ziggurats
The steam ship S.S. Karnak was the main setting in Death on the Nile, a book by what author?  Agatha Christie
Who ruled over Spain from 1939 until his death in 1975?  Francisco Franco
What French philosopher introduced his theory of mind-body dualism in his 15th-century work Meditations on First Philosophy?  René Descartes
What famous bridge connects Dawes Point to Milson's Point?  Sydney Harbour Bridge
Originating in Brazil, what dance became a worldwide sensation in the 1980s, when it was known as "the forbidden dance"?  Lambada
What is the name of the time machine in the popular British T.V show Doctor Who?  TARDIS
What Shakespearean character was known as the ‘Thane of Cawdor’?  Macbeth

Game 230820F
Game Date: Sunday, August 20, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What toy, inducted into the National Toy Hall of Fame in 2013, was also the title of a #16 hit; due to its popularity on the children’s show Sesame Street?  Rubber Duckie
Meet the Fockers was the sequel to what 2000 similarly titled film?  Meet the Parents
The title of what 1999 Oliver Stone football film comes from an expression regarding the possibility of a weaker team defeating a stronger opponent?  Any Given Sunday
"My head’s under water, but I’m breathing fine" is a line from “All of Me”, a hit song from what artist?  John Legend
U.S. President Biden created controversy on a visit to Saudi Arabia by using what form of greeting with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman? A) Handshake B) Elbow Bump C) Hug D) Fist Bump  Answer: D) Fist Bump
The 1998 Japanese horror film Ringu was later remade into what 2002 American horror film starring Naomi Watts?  The Ring
"If it weren't for you meddling kids" is a famous line repeatedly used in what cartoon show?  Scooby-Doo
Lea Michele has taken over the role of Fanny Brice in the current revival of what Broadway show?  Funny Girl
What princess is the main character in the Disney film The Little Mermaid?  Ariel
"Wannabe" was the first big hit for what British pop group?  Spice Girls



General Knowledge
Traditionally, how many couples are involved in the square-dance arrangement known as a quadrille?  4 couples
What two planets in our solar system are classified as ‘ice giants’?  Uranus & Neptune
On what part of the body might you use a defibrillator?  Heart/Chest
The Archimedean spiral is a spiral named after what ancient Greek mathematician?  Archimedes
Tiger Woods became a professional golfer in what decade?  1990s (1996)
According to Freud's psychoanalytic theory, what is the third component of the psychic apparatus - along with id and ego?  Super-ego
In what country did the tandoor oven originate?  India
On the periodic table, what chemical element represents the letter 'H'?  Hydrogen
A standard Snickers candy bar contains what type of nut?  Peanuts
What large musical instrument has 47 strings and 7 pedals?  Harp
Clarke Griffin, Finn Collins, and Bellamy Blake are characters in what T.V show?  The 100

Bonus Round
Before he wrote The War of the Worlds or The Island of Doctor Moreau, H.G. Wells made his debut with what 1895 novel featuring creatures called Morlocks?  The Time Machine
Saint Basil's Cathedral in Moscow was commissioned in the 1550s by what tyrannical Russian tsar?  Ivan the Terrible
What verb, meaning "to preserve by rubbing with salt or other spices," also refers to a small, oily fish prepared in the same manner?  Kipper
A serious fire broke out at Windsor Castle in November of what year?  1992
Zymology is the science of what?  Fermantation
Named for its creator, what psychological test examines how a subject interprets a series of inkblots?  Rorschach test
What was the name of Captain Nemo's fictional submarine in the Jules Verne novel Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Seas?  Nautilus
Aberdeen, Dundee, and Inverness are cities in what country?  Scotland
What is the last name of the German physicist who discovered radio waves?  Hertz
Bruce Willis plays Peter Fallow in what 1990 movie?  The Bonfire of the Vanities

Game 230821F
Game Date: Monday, August 21, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What former SNL actor starred in the 2003 romantic comedy Lost In Translation?  Bill Murray
What anthropomorphized blue "tank engine" was the protagonist of live-action segments on the popular children's show Shining Time Station?  Thomas (the tank engine)
Last month, Ivan Danailov Dimitrov issued an apology after he was caught on camera carving his name into a wall at what Roman landmark?  Colosseum
What was the surname of the brothers in the TV series Thunderbirds?  Tracy
What pop singer called for a public apology after she was allegedly hit in the face by members of Victor Wembanyama's security team on July 6th?  Britney Spears
What is Liz Lemon's job in the TV series 30 Rock?  (Comedy) writer
What Toronto Blue Jays player won the 2023 MLB Home Run Derby last month?  Vladimir Guerrero Jr.
What color is the Sesame Street character Oscar the Grouch?  Green
The Red Hot Chilli Peppers released a 2016 album recorded live in what European city?  Paris
Robert De Niro won his first Oscar for his role in what film?  The Godfather Part II


General Knowledge
Although considered a fruit, a banana is actually botanically classified as a what?  Berry
Joints like the hip are known as a _______ and socket joint?  Ball
The New Zealand ‘All Blacks’ are one of the most successful teams in the history of what sport?  Rugby
In what decade did the Woodstock Festival take place?  1960s
When the Moon passes between the Sun and the Earth, is this considered to be a solar or lunar eclipse?  Solar
Pregnancies are split into groups of three months known as what?  Trimesters
What legendary bird rose from its own ashes?  Phoenix
Usually referred to as a book cover, what is the other name of the loose paper protective cover on a book?              Dust Jacket
OPEC is an association of countries producing what commodity?  Oil
The Masters, US Open, The Open Championship, and what other tournament make up golf’s 4 Majors?                   The PGA Championship


What actor voices Stinky Pete in Toy Story 2?  Kelsey Grammer

Bonus Round
The holy island of Lindisfarne is off the coast of what country?  England
What star of the TV series Kung Fu appeared as President Frankenstein in the 1975 film Death Race 2000?         David Carradine
The game show Jeopardy! debuted on what TV network in the '60s?  NBC
How many constellations are recognized by the International Astronomical Union?  A) 80  B) 88  C) 96  D) 102  Answer: B) 88
In reference to radiation, what does the "M" stand for in CMBR?  Microwave
Besides the United Kingdom, France, and Russia, who are the other two permanent members of the United Nations Security Council?  United States & China
Wilson’s disease is a build up of too much what in the blood?  Copper
What French artist spent his final years in French Polynesia?  (Paul) Gauguin
Haumea is a dwarf planet beyond the orbit of what planet in our solar system?  Neptune
Chișinău is the national capital of what European nation?  Moldova


Game 230822F
Game Date: Tuesday, August 22, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What color is the Sesame Street character Count von Count?  Purple
The trailer was recently released for Ridley Scott's upcoming film Napoleon --- what Oscar-winning actor stars as the title character?  Joaquin Phoenix
Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson work for what company in the movie The Internship?  Google
Who duetted on 70s classic "Islands in the Stream" with Dolly Parton?  Kenny Rogers
This past July 10th, President Joe Biden met with what British Prime Minister?  Rishi Sunak
What burrito chain introduced a robot last month called the "Autocado" that will help prepare its guacamole?  Chipotle
What musical movie is set at Rydell High School?  Grease
A circus train named Casey, Jr., is seen in the opening scenes of what 1941 animated film from Walt Disney Productions?  Dumbo
What actress plays Will's love interest in the 1992 romance film Shakespeare in Love?  Gwyneth Paltrow 
The 90’s pop group Ace of Base was from what country?  Sweden


General Knowledge
What US state had a gold rush from 1848 to 1855?  California
Who was the first European player to win the NBA MVP?  Dirk Nowitzki
Lava is molten rock flowing above Earth’s surface.  What is the term for molten rock flowing under the Earth’s surface?  Magma
Treated as a vegetable but technically a fruit, what is an Avocado botanically?  A berry
When Earth is positioned precisely between the Moon and the Sun, is this considered to be a solar or lunar eclipse?  Lunar
Who sculpted the famous Statue of David?  Michelangelo
How many teams qualify for the Major League Baseball playoffs since the format was changed in 2022?  12
What style of shoe is held in place by a strap behind the ankle above the heel?  Sling back
The state of Wisconsin touches Lake Michigan and what other great lake?  Lake Superior
What is the female part of a flower called?  Piston 
What American actress plays Kay Amin in the film Last King of Scotland?  Kerry Washington

Bonus Round
What was the first name of American astronomer Hubble?  Edwin
The Native Americans’ Wampanoag tribe can be found in what two modern-day states?                          Massachusetts & Rhode Island
The son of what singer was kidnapped in 1963?  Frank Sinatra
Jack Ryan is appointed Vice President by President Roger Durling in a 1994 novel by what author?  Tom Clancy
Belgrade is the national capital of what European nation?  Serbia
What effect describes the change perceived in the increase or decrease in wave frequency when you move?  Doppler
Besides the United States, France, and China, who are the other two permanent members of the United Nations Security Council?  United Kingdom & Russia
Western Samos became independent from what country in 1962?  New Zealand
Protium and Deuterium are isotopes of what element?  Hydrogen
The Kool-Aid company was established in 1927 in what US state?  Nebraska

Game 230823F
Game Date: Wednesday, August 23, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
A boy journeys to the North Pole on a magical train in what 1985 picture book by Chris Van Allsburg?                        The Polar Express
What tech corporation recently became the first company in the world to ever reach a market value of $3 trillion?  Apple
Against the Grain was a 1990 autobiography by what future President of the Russian Federation?  Boris Yeltsin
On July 5th, a powdery white substance found in the West Wing of the White House was confirmed to be what?  Cocaine
What color is the Sesame Street character Grover?  Blue
On July 4th, Joey Chestnut won his 16th Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest — how many total hot dogs did he eat to win the competition?  A) 62  B) 65  C) 68 ---  Answer: A) 62
Who plays Will Shakespeare in the 1992 romance film Shakespeare in Love?  Joseph Fiennes
What type of animal does Pocahontas have for a pet in the Disney movie of the same name?  Racoon
 Musical duo Savage Garden came from what country?  Australia
The 2003 movie Seabiscuit stars what actor as jockey Red Pollard?  Tobey Maguire


General Knowledge
Although considered a fruit, a grape is actually botanically classified as a what?  Berry
Someone whose job title is ‘Imagineer’ works for what company?  Disney
Agrarian is a society based on what?  Farming
Instead of taking Patrick Mahomes in the 2017 NFL Draft, the Chicago Bears traded up to the second pick to choose what other QB?  Mitchell Trubisky
What was the main language at universities throughout Europe in the Middle Ages?  Latin
When a number is cubed, how many times is it multiplied by itself?  Two
Fats, oils, and hormones all fall under what organic compound group?  Lipids 
Who wrote the nonsense poem "Jabberwocky"?  Lewis Carroll
What US state's name is on the label of a bottle of Jack Daniels whiskey?  Tennessee
The object of the game croquet is to hit a ball through small hoops called what?  Wickets




The 1998 movie The Thin Red Line is about what conflict?  WWII

Bonus Round
In 1983, the American Theater Hall of Fame inducted what playwright of The Odd Couple?  Neil Simon
Sofia is the national capital of what European nation?  Bulgaria
In Greek mythology, what Titan stole fire from the gods and gave it to humans?  Prometheus
In 1998, President Bill Clinton signed legislation renaming Washington National Airport in honor of what U.S. president?  Ronald Reagan
Besides the United States, United Kingdom, and Russia, who are the other two permanent members of the United Nations Security Council?  China & France
Captured from India in 1739, the "Peacock Throne" referred to the monarchy of what country?  Persia
Something that appears to exist everywhere is known as what?  Ubiquitous
White wine called Riesling comes from what country?  Germany
What actress wrote the screenplay and  adapted Sense and Sensibility for the big screen in 1995?  Emma Thompson
In what US state was President Lyndon Johnson born?  Texas

Game 230824F
Game Date: Thursday, August 24, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Kurt Cobain died in 1994. What band was he the lead singer for?  Nirvana
Also a TV series, what 2013 film (directed by Bong Joon-ho) took place on a train circling a post-apocalyptic Earth on an endless track?  Snowpiercer
What former Disney channel star sang a song called "Sober" in 2018?  Demi Lovato
What former President of Brazil was recently barred by the Brazilian Superior Electoral Court from running for public office until 2030?  Jair Bolsonaro 
In the Harry Potter books and films, what is the name of the magical school that Harry and his friends attend?  Hogwarts
Tracy Chapman recently made history when she became the first black woman to have a sole songwriting credit on a #1 country hit thanks to Luke Combs' cover of what song?  Fast Car
What rock group, led by Don Henley and Joe Walsh, recently announced its Long Goodbye farewell tour?  Eagles
Sheldon, Leonard, Howard, and Raj get stranded in the desert while on their way to a comic book convention in a 2013 episode of what sitcom?  The Big Bang Theory
What color is the Sesame Street character Abby Cadabby?  Pink
Morgan Freeman won an Oscar in 2005 for his role in what film?  Million Dollar Baby



General Knowledge
What type of bird repeatedly says 'Nevermore' in the Edgar Allan Poe poem?  Raven 
What Hall of Fame quarterback led the Minnesota Vikings to three Super Bowl appearances during the 1970s?             Fran Tarkenton
Treated as a vegetable but technically a fruit, what is a cucumber botanically?  A berry
When a number is squared, how many times is it multiplied by itself?  Once
What animal was successfully cloned by British scientists in 1996?  Sheep
What was the Connecticut NHL team called before moving to Carolina to become the Hurricanes?  Hartford Whalers
The assembly of cardinals for the election of a pope has what name?  Conclave
Besides Lake Erie, what other great lake borders New York?  Lake Ontario
Any substance capable of being shaped, is known as what?  Malleable 
What blood filtering organ is found behind the tenth rib on the left-hand side of the body?  Spleen 
What actress played the villain in the 2008 film Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull?  Cate Blanchett 

Bonus Round
What was the name of the resolution which prompted the US Declaration of Independence?  Lee Resolution
In a classic novel by Kate Douglas Wiggin, what fanciful teenager leaves Sunnybrook Farm to live with her two aunts?  Rebecca
Bucharest is the national capital of what European nation?  Romania
In 1901, the Edison Storage Battery Company was founded in what US state?  New Jersey
Besides the United States, United Kingdom, and China, who are the other two permanent members of the United Nations Security Council?  France & Russia
What French painter and sculptor created The Pink Nude?  (Henri) Matisse
Polyphagia is known as excessive what in humans?  Hunger
What Chinese dynasty ruled from 1644 until 1911?  Qing Dynasty
What is "Bild", which first appeared in 1952 in Germany?  Tabloid
What comes after 'Cabo' in the name of the country which became a Portuguese overseas dependency in 1951?  Verde (Cabo Verde is the official name of Cape Verde)

Game 230825F
Game Date: Friday, August 25, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
On the sitcom Gilligan's Island, what was the name of the shipwrecked charter boat?  S.S. Minnow
Alicia Keys was a coach on seasons 11, 12 and 14 of what reality singing competition?  The Voice
DC’s newest movie features what kind of bug as a superhero?  Blue Beetle
The title of what long-running sitcom's second episode was "The Big Bran Hypothesis"?  The Big Bang Theory
Benedict Cumberbatch stars in Sherlock, a show set in what city?  London
In Knute Rockne All American, what actor -- who later became President -- gave the immortal line, "Win one for the Gipper"?  Ronald Reagan
The rock band Phish was founded in, and has long been associated with, what New England state?  Vermont
Dr. James Wilson heads what department in the T.V series House?  Oncology
A vampire named Edward Cullen appears in what series of books/movies?  Twilight
Who did Sam Ash recently file for divorce from after only one year?  Britney Spears (third divorce)

General Knowledge
An archipelago is a group of what?  Islands
The line, "Houston, we've had a problem”, was famously uttered aboard what troubled spaceflight in 1970?  Apollo 13
Cardiff is the capital of what country in the UK?  Wales
Sometimes called ‘midnight’, what name is given to a dice roll of 6-6? Hint: You might find these at a railyard.  Boxcars
What suffragette appeared on the U.S. dollar coin first issued in 1979?  Susan B. Anthony
How many pints are in one quart?  Two 
"Call me Ishmael" is the first line of what Herman Melville novel?  Moby Dick
An animal capable of living on both land and in water is known as what?  Amphibian
Balaclava, Beanie, and Boater are all styles of what item of clothing?  Hat
What division of the NBA do the Boston Celtics belong to?  Atlantic
What fictional state is the setting for Desperate Housewives?  Eagle

Bonus Round
TLV is an airport code in what country?  Israel (Tel Aviv)
In 1971, Philip Zimbardo conducted an infamous "psychological study of prison life" while working as a professor at what California university?  Stanford
What was the name of the Greenpeace ship that sunk in July of 1985?  Rainbow Warrior
Merengue music originates in what Caribbean country?  Dominican Republic
For which two academic fields did Marie Curie win Nobel Prizes?  Physics & Chemistry
Thomas Chippendale is a famous designer of what items?  Furniture
In Greek mythology, who killed the gorgon Medusa?  Perseus
Jenny Shipley was the first female prime minister of what country?  New Zealand
What transition metal has the symbol Hf and the atomic number 72?  Hafnium
What type of tigers have the fewest stripes?  Siberian 

Game 230827F
Game Date: Sunday, August 27, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
In J. M. Barrie's 1904 play Peter Pan, what is the name of Captain Hook's pirate ship?  Jolly Roger 
Celine Dion grew up speaking what language?  French
In the 1994 film Speed, the bus had to go a minimum of what MPH, or it would blow up?  50 mph
What folk singer, known for the songs “Where Have All the Flowers Gone” and “Turn! Turn! Turn!” was recently commemorated on a U.S. postal stamp?  Pete Seeger
In the 2003 film Finding Nemo, what kind of fish is Nemo?  Clownfish
At the age of 19, Leonardo DiCaprio was nominated for an Oscar for his performance in what 1993 film?              What’s Eating Gilbert Grape
Bruno Mars is the featured singer on the song "Uptown Funk”, a hit by what British DJ?  Mark Ronson
Dallas, Lambert, Ripley, and Brett are the crew in what sci-fi movie?  Alien
Dorothy lives in what U.S state in the film The Wizard of Oz?  Kansas
Last month, customs officials at an airport on the Spanish island of Ibiza seized a sketch worth $463,000 that was drawn by what famous artist?  Pablo Picasso

General Knowledge
What animals did Ivan Pavlov famously use in his experiments on classical conditioning?  Dogs
The ‘Great War’ is typically another name for what war?  World War I
Which league won the 2023 Major League Baseball All-Star Game - the National League or the American League?  National League
What is the name of the ‘gland’ that is located directly behind the sternum?  Thymus
Of 2,000, 5,000 or 8,000 miles, approximately how far did Lewis & Clark travel on their famed exploration of the American West?  8,000 miles
A Springbok is a small deer native to what continent?  Africa
What type of celestial body was named after English astronomer Edmond Halley?  Comet
Butternut and Acorn are varieties of what vegetable?  Squash
What division of the NBA do the Phoenix Suns belong to?  Pacific
The 1996 Olympic Games were held in what city?  Atlanta



Who appeared on the track "Psycho” along with Post Malone?  Ty Dolla $ign

Bonus Round
YUL is an airport code in what country?  Canada (Montreal)
Tyrian, a dye highly prized by the Romans, was what color?  Purple
In 1974, what British woman said, ironically, "It will be years -- and not in my time -- before a woman will lead the party or become Prime Minister"?  Margaret Thatcher
What is the name for a food additive which gives a bitter or tart flavor?  Acidulants 
In 1933, what U.S. President encouraged friendly relations with other countries through the ‘Good Neighbor Policy’?  Franklin Roosevelt
What Civil War nurse is credited with founding the American Red Cross?  Clara Barton
From what language does the word Algebra derive?  Arabic
Wackford Squeers is a character in which Dickens novel?  Nicholas Nickleby
What is the maximum number of solar eclipses that can take place in a year?  5
Duma is the legislative body of what country?  Russia

Game 230828F
Game Date: Monday, August 28, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What group released a 1987 album called The Joshua Tree?  U2
What actress announced her divorce last month from husband Joe Manganiello?  Sofia Vergara
Amid concerns over the validity of past research he oversaw as a neuroscientist, Marc Tessier-Lavigne announced last month that he will step down as president of what university?  Stanford
Harrison Ford and Michelle Pfeiffer won ‘Blockbuster Entertainment Awards’ for their performances in what 2000 psychological horror film?  What Lies Beneath
What country's soccer team defeated Panama on July 16th to win the 2023 CONCACAF Gold Cup?  Mexico
Tina Fey won an Emmy in 2009 for her guest appearance on Saturday Night Live as what politician?  Sarah Palin
Michael Fassbender grew up in what country?  Ireland
Janet van Dyne is the alter-ego of what female superhero?  Wasp
What group sang "Stayin' Alive" on the soundtrack of the film Saturday Night Fever?  BeeGees
What actor plays Jon Snow in Game of Thrones?  Kit Harrington



General Knowledge
What is the fourth letter of the Greek alphabet?  Delta
A Brief History of Time was a successful book by what scientist?  Stephen Hawking
Caused by a lack of Vitamin C, what disease commonly spread on pirate ships?  Scurvy
In what city is the NFL Hall of Fame located?  Canton (Ohio)
Helios was the Greek God of what?  The Sun
What is the only continent with land in all four hemispheres?  Africa
What is the tallest type of tree?  Redwoods
Who was the U.S President during the Cuban Missile Crisis?  John F. Kennedy
What unit of area is the same as 4,840 square yards?  Acre
What pizza franchise was established in Michigan in the 1960?  Dominos
What artist released the 1985 album No Jacket Required?  Phil Collins

Bonus Round
What author wrote the "Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats"?  T.S Eliot
Virgil Earp kept an office above the saloon the Crystal Palace, still open today in what Arizona town?  Tombstone
Who was the first woman to serve as a justice on the U.S. Supreme Court?  Sandra Day O'Connor
In the Wes Anderson film The Darjeeling Limited, three brothers take a train trip across what country?  India
What businessman made history in 2002 when he became the first person to fly solo nonstop around the world in a balloon?  Steve Fossett
Jacob Zuma became the leader of what organization in 2007?  ANC (African National Congress)
What is the name of Edward Hopper's famous painting of an American diner?  Nighthawks
Cordelia, Ophelia, and Bianca are moons of what planet?  Uranus
A Luther Burger is a hamburger served between two what?  Donuts
According to the U.S Naval Observatory, on January 1, 2001 what Millennium began?  Third




Game 230829F
Game Date: Tuesday, August 29, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Heat is a perfume brand by what famous singer?  Beyoncé
What is the name of the latest installment in the Mission: Impossible film franchise that was released on July 12th?                               Mission: Impossible — Dead Reckoning: Part One
On July 10th, a volcano erupted on the Reykjanes Peninsula in what country?  Iceland
"I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse" is a famous line from what 1972 movie?  The Godfather
What K-pop group has partnered with Starbucks to release a drink called the Strawberry Choco Cream Frappuccino?  Blackpink
What 2004 horror film introduced moviegoers to the Jigsaw Killer (aka Jigsaw)?  Saw
Midnight Memories was a 2013 album by what group?  One Direction
What actress won an Emmy in 2022 for her work as Tanya McQuoid on The White Lotus?  Jennifer Coolidge
Carol Danvers is the alter-ego of what female superhero?  Captain Marvel
Princess Leia is a character in what movie series?  Star Wars


General Knowledge
What type of meat is used in a traditional shepherd's pie?  Lamb
What city would you be in if you were standing on the Spanish Steps?  Rome
How many feet off the ground is a regulation NBA basketball hoop rim?  10 feet 
What company, founded in 1915 by seven Italian brothers, originally designed airplane propellers before revolutionizing the hot tub industry?  Jacuzzi
A short advert for an upcoming movie is known as a what?  Trailer
What planet in the Milky Way galaxy is the hottest?  Venus
What is a group of crows called? A murder
How many dots appear on a pair of dice?  42
Empire, Fuji, and Gala are all varieties of what fruit?  Apple
What was the name of the series of programs and projects President Franklin D. Roosevelt enacted during The Great Depression?  The New Deal

Pierce Brosnan began playing the character Sam Carmichael in what 2008 film?  Mamma Mia!

Bonus Round
What American architect received the U.S. patent for the geodesic dome in 1949?  Buckminster Fuller
In what country was astronomer Ernst Wilhelm Leberecht Tempel born?  Germany
In Cajun cooking, ”the vegetable trinity" consists of onion, celery, and what third ingredient?  (Green) Bell pepper
What '60s sitcom, set at the Shady Rest Hotel, also featured a vintage steam-driven train called the Hooterville Cannonball?  Petticoat Junction
In 1918, Luis Candelaria made the first recorded flight across what South American mountain range?  The Andes
In Hergé's cartoon stories, Tintin's dog Milou is known by what name in English?  Snowy
Which three of the following names were among the birth names of Roger Williams and his wife Mary's six children: Constance, Freeborn, Jane, Providence, Elias, and Mercy?  Answer: Freeborn, Providence, and Mercy
Ci is the abbreviation of what non-SI unit of radioactivity?  Curie
Andreas Stihl invented what power tool?  Electric Chainsaw
In what State did Wal-Mart open their first store in 1962?  Arkansas


Game 230830F
Game Date: Wednesday, August 30, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
The movie The Shining, known for the line "Here's Johnny!", was directed by which acclaimed filmmaker?          Stanley Kubrick
What capital of Lithuania hosted a NATO summit on July 11th and 12th?  Vilnius
Bravo recently announced that Kristen Kish will be succeeding Padma Lakshmi as the host of what cooking competition series?  Top Chef
What character says "Toto, I've got a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore"?  Dorothy
What 2004 horror comedy starred Simon Pegg and Nick Frost as best friends who find themselves caught in a zombie apocalypse?  Shaun of the Dead
Wanda Maximoff is the alter-ego of what female Marvel character?  Scarlett Witch
Doc Brown and his family fly away on a time-traveling locomotive in the closing moments of what 1990 film?          Back to the Future Part III
Ed Asner, Valerie Harper, Ted Knight, and Betty White all won Emmys for their performances on what classic '70s sitcom?  The Mary Tyler Moore Show
The Documentary Deadliest Catch is set in what US state?  Alaska
What 2003 movie is about a mother and daughter switching places?  Freaky Friday


General Knowledge
What is the fifth letter of the Greek alphabet?  Epsilon
The first European colony in North America was Jamestown, located in what  US state?  Virginia
STEM in education refers to Science, Technology, Engineering, and what else?  Mathematics
The Golden Arches is another name for what food brand?  McDonald’s
Copper turns what color when it oxidizes in the open air?  Green
Drugs called opiates come from what flowers?  Poppy
Bosc, Bartlett, and Anjou are varieties of what fruit?  Pear
The phrase "let them eat cake" was attributed to what historical figure?  Marie Antoinette
Stonehenge is located in what country?  England
What is the highest grade of olive oil?  Extra Virgin
What Star Wars character says the line "Chewie, we’re home"?  Han Solo

Bonus Round
The 1946's Keflavik Agreement stated that the US Army would leave what newly established republic within six months, following the end of World War II?  Iceland
On October 25, 1983, the United States invaded what Caribbean island nation?  Grenada
What are the first names of the three main stars of Crosby, Stills, and Nash?                                                            Answer: David (Crosby), Stephen (Stills), & Graham (Nash)
The Blue and White Nile merge in what African city?  Khartoum
How many elements are in the periodic table? 118
Sara Jane Moore tried to assassinate President Ford in what city in 1975?  San Francisco
What mathematician devised the statistical concept of variance?  Ronald Fisher
In what state was gold discovered at Gold Creek in 1858?  Montana
What science is the study of human populations?  Demography
On October 14, 1947, what U.S. Air Force pilot made history when he broke the sound barrier in the Bell X-1 aircraft?  Chuck Yeager



Game 230831F
Game Date: Thursday, August 31, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What was the name of the princess in Shrek?  Fiona
A mysterious videotape kills anyone who views it in what 2002 horror film starring Naomi Watts?  The Ring 
Michael Richards won three Emmy Awards in the 1990s for his performance as what character on Seinfeld?  Kramer
The Silver Bullet Express was a fictional train prominently featured in advertisements for what popular light beer brand?  Coors Light
Rum Tum Tugger, Jennyanydots, and Mungojerrie are characters in what musical?  Cats
On July 13, what American labor union representing 160,000 film and TV actors announced it would be going on strike over residuals and use of artificial intelligence?  Screen Actors Guild / SAG-AFTRA
On July 17th, Edward Caban became the first Hispanic police commissioner of what major U.S. city's police department?  New York
Natasha Romanoff is the alter-ego of what female superhero?  Black Widow
What is the name of Gigi Hadid's model sister?  Bella
Who made history last month when she passed Barbra Streisand to become the female artist with the most #1 albums in Billboard history?  Taylor Swift

General Knowledge
How many dots appear on a single die?  21
What is the national sport of Japan?  Sumo Wrestling
In what city is Disney's European theme park located?  Paris (France)
Santa Claus, Honeydew, and Snap are all varieties of what fruit?  Melon
How many hearts does an octopus have?  3
The Ides of March is associated with the assassination of who?  Julius Caesar
Newfoundland dogs originated in what country?  Canada
What unit of measurement is the same as four quarts or eight pints?  One Gallon
A substance used to speed up a chemical reaction is known as a what?  Catalyst
Bovine is a scientific term referring to what animal?  Cattle


What artist is behind the MDNA skincare range?  Madonna

Bonus Round
How many Celtic languages are still spoken today?  Six
Known for its vibrant art scene, what is New Zealand's capital city?  Wellington
Published in 1836, The Pickwick Papers was the debut novel from what celebrated English writer?  Charles Dickens
What was the name of the airplane flown by Charles Lindbergh on his historic solo nonstop transatlantic flight in May 1927?  Spirit of St. Louis
How many verses are there in the Greek national anthem –  A)155  B)158  C)160  D)176?  Answer: B)158
What country did Cyclone Nargis devastate on May 2, 2008?  Myanmar (formerly Burma)
What artist founded the Electric Lady recording studios in New York?  Jimi Hendrix
Suffrage campaigner Susan B Anthony was from what US state?  Massachusetts
Nori, used in the making of sushi, is what type of food?  Seaweed
Siam is the former name of what country?  Thailand


Game 230901F
Game Date: Friday September 1, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
On The Simpsons, which character owns a yacht called ‘Gone Fission’?  Mr. Burns
What is the first name of Harry's mother in the Harry Potter books by J.K. Rowling?  Lily
What retired Red Sox star nicknamed "Big Papi" was inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame last year?  David Ortiz
The Smurfs are what color?  Blue
What cop show gave us the catchphrase "Book 'em, Danno"?  Hawaii 5-0
Who will be the sole host of the 40th season of the game show Jeopardy!?  Ken Jennings
"The Bare Necessities" is a song from what Disney animated movie?  The Jungle Book
Al Pacino plays which member of the Corleone family in The Godfather?  Michael
What producer of such classic sitcoms as All in the Family and The Jeffersons celebrated his 101 birthday on July 27th?  Norman Lear
"All Night Long" and "Stuck on You" were hits by what artist?  Lionel Richie 

General Knowledge
What sense is most closely linked to memory?  Smell
An electronic musical instrument typically operated by a keyboard and producing a wide variety of sounds by generating different frequencies is known as a what?  Synthesizer 
Along with crab meat and avocado, what vegetable makes up a California Sushi Roll?  Cucumber
‘The Windy City’ is a common nickname for what city?  Chicago
What word describes a cat’s coat that is covered in stripes and has a distinctive 'M'-shaped marking on the forehead?  Tabby
Peggy is a nickname for what given name?  Margaret
Diamond and graphite are allotropes of what element?  Carbon
What division of the MLB do the San Diego Padres currently play for?  National League West (NLW)
Luna was the ancient Roman name for what celestial object?  Moon
In what city can you find the United Nations headquarters?  New York City
Dermot Murnaghan is the presenter of what quiz show?  Eggheads

Bonus Round
EWR is the code for an airport located in what U.S. state?  New Jersey
Most modern supercomputers run on what operating system developed by Linus Torvalds?  Linux
In what decade was the board game Monopoly patented and sold?  1930s
What color of dye is named after a battle fought near Milan in 1859?  Magenta
The Treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek forced Native Americans to give up land in what state?  Mississippi
Who composed the ballet Swan Lake in 1877?  Tchaikovsky
The fovea is an area in which part of the body?  Eye
The Mountain Cabbage tree is native to what country?  New Zealand
Vitrics is the study of what material?  Glass
What are the first names of folk-rock super group Crosby, Stills & Nash?  David, Stephen & Graham


Game 230903F
Game Date: Sunday, September 3, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What was the title of the award-winning play and film adapted from Helen Keller's autobiography, The Story of My Life?   The Miracle Worker
What Disney animated film features Simba, Nala, Mufasa, and Timon?  The Lion King
One Love Manchester was a 2017 benefit concert organized by what American singer and actress?  Ariana Grande
Blazing Saddles was written and directed by what comediac actor?  Mel Brooks
"I Feel Pretty" and "America" are songs from what musical?  West Side Story
"Here's Johnny" is a famous line from what 1980 movie?  The Shining
Last month, Danish cyclist Jonas Vingegaard was named the 2022 winner of what race?  Tour de France
"Come on down!" is a catchphrase from what TV game show?  The Price Is Right
What Kansas City Monarch’s legend and first African-American coach in MLB history was posthumously inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame last month?  Buck O'Neil
"Crazy Little Thing Called Love" was a U.S No. 1 hit for what British rock group?  Queen

General Knowledge
On Sept. 2, 1912, Arthur Rose Eldred became the first Boy Scout to receive what achievement rank?  Eagle Scout
A story containing events that precede those of an existing book, TV show or movie is known as a what?  Prequel
Mercury, Earth, Venus, and Mars are classed as what type of planet due to their compact rocky surface?  Terrestrial  
A trombone is a member of which family of musical instruments?  Brass
Betsy is typically a nickname for what given first name?  Elizabeth
What type of dressing is used for a Cobb Salad?  (Red Wine) Vinaigrette 
Murder on the Orient Express is the most famous work by what English author?  Agatha Christie
The 1929 stock market crash sparked what financial crisis?  The Great Depression
Dairy products are rich in what mineral, essential for bone health?  Calcium
What two leagues make up the MLB?  American & National 
Cameron Poe and Vince Larkin are characters in what 1997 movie?  Con Air

Bonus Round
VCE is the code for an airport located in what country?  Italy
What does an Ammeter measure?  Electrical Current
Jack Nicholson lives on what famous street in California?  Mulholland Drive
What was signed in Runnymede, a meadow in southern England in 1215?  Magna Carta
Who is ‘King of the Fairies’ in the Shakespeare play A Midsummer Night's Dream?  Oberon 
What American technology company produced the world's first commercially available supercomputer in 1976?      Cray Research
In what decade did fast food chain McDonalds first introduce its famous Happy Meal?  1970s
What is the “SI” base unit of time?  Seconds
Who wrote a novel about a picture of someone called Dorian Gray?  Oscar Wilde
What country was Julio Cesar Turbay Ayala the leader of in the '80s?  Colombia


Game 230904F
Game Date: Monday, September 4, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What instrument did Phil Collins play in the band Genesis?  Drums
Sheryl Lee Ralph won the Emmy for ‘Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series’ in 2022 for her work on what sitcom?  Abbott Elementary
The Surat Diamond Bourse recently surpassed The Pentagon to become the world's largest office building — in what country is the Surat Diamond Bourse located?  India
Which Jonas brother is married to Priyanka Chopra?  Nick
What U.S. state was the setting for the 2005 film The Amityville Horror?  New York
What lead singer of the Rolling Stones celebrated his 80th birthday on July 26, 2023?  Mick Jagger
In 2018, a bar in Brooklyn announced a new slate of cocktails such as the “Major Tom” and the “Ziggy Stardust” that were inspired by the music of what late singer-songwriter?  David Bowie
On July 25th, the International Brotherhood of Teamsters reached a tentative five-year agreement with what shipping & receiving company, averting a possible strike?  UPS
What rapper is behind the Roc Nation entertainment brand?  Jay-Z
Who performs the theme song to the TV show The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air?  Will Smith

General Knowledge
What does “www” stand for in reference to a website browser?  World Wide Web
Referencing a famous idiom, what became the first animal to ever fly in an airplane when it accompanied British pilot John Moore-Brabazon on a 1909 flight?  Pig
While it’s made of bone in an adult, the kneecap (aka patella) is made of what in a baby?  Cartilage
The capital cities of Samoa, Paraguay, and Ghana all begin with what letter of the alphabet?  A
According to the commercial, which first aired in 1971: despite his brothers' belief that Mikey "hates everything", he ends up loving what cereal?  Life
On March 2, 1962, what player set the all-time record of 100 points scored in a single NBA game while trouncing the New York Knicks?  Wilt Chamberlain
What is the collective name that was given to Germany, Italy, and Japan during WWII?  Axis Powers
What is the common name for dried plums?  Prunes
What tradition is celebrated annually on February 2nd?  Groundhog Day
In tennis, which Williams sister has won more Grand Slam titles?  Serena
Helen Elizabeth is the real name of what TV presenter who appears on Strictly Come Dancing?  Tess Daly

Bonus Round
Buddha is said to have obtained enlightenment under what kind of fruit tree?  Fig Tree
Betz cells are located in what part of the body?  Brain
Who was the oldest of the comedy Marx Brothers?  Chico (Leonard Joseph “Chico” Marx)
What 1976 film, set on a Los Angeles-to-Chicago train journey, was also the first pairing of Gene Wilder and Richard Pryor?  Silver Streak
Qamar is the Arabic word for what?  Moon
Change in the frequency of a wave as the observer and the source move relative to each other is known as what?  The Doppler Effect
Levi Strauss set up his first factory in what US state?  California
In what decade was the Battle of Waterloo fought?  1810s
Franz Ferdinand was heir to the throne of what Empire when assassinated?  Austro-Hungarian
Who composed the music for the famous musical West Side Story?  Leonard Bernstein


Game 230905F
Game Date: Tuesday, September 5, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who voiced the title character in the movie Kung Fu Panda?  Jack Black
Who won five Emmys in the 1960s for his performance as Barney Fife on The Andy Griffith Show?  Don Knotts
Christopher Nolan's latest film Oppenheimer recently opened in theaters — what actor plays the title character?   Cillian Murphy
On July 26th, what company unveiled two new folding smartphones: the Z Flip 5 and the Fold 5?  Samsung
The 2003 sci-fi horror film Dreamcatcher was based on a 2001 novel by what popular author?  Stephen King
Angela Lansbury starred as what author and amateur detective in the series Murder, She wrote, which ran from 1984 to 1996?  Jessica Fletcher
Who plays ‘The Narrator’ in the 1999 film Fight Club?  Edward Norton
According to a report released last month, what German Shepherd belonging to President Joe Biden has been involved in 10 biting incidents since October 2022?  Commander
What Tony-winning Broadway musical was adapted from the 1975 film Monty Python and the Holy Grail?  Spamalot
What celebrity did Liam Hemsworth marry in 2018 and divorce in 2020?  Miley Cyrus

General Knowledge
For Windows computer users, what’s the shortcut for the cut function?  Ctrl + X
Hypoxia refers to a lack of what gas?  Oxygen
In 1928, what American pilot became the first woman to fly solo across the North American continent?  Amelia Earhart
The capital cities of Bolivia, Togo, and Peru all begin with what letter of the alphabet?  L
Distance covered, divided by time gives what measurement of an object?  Speed
What is the largest bone in the human body?  Femur
What name is given to the type of bee whose sole purpose is to mate with the queen?  Drone
Complete the title of this Shakespeare play: A Midsummer Night's ___________.  Answer: Dream
Who was the sitting US President during the year 2000?  Bill Clinton
When you spill salt, where is it said you must throw it, to avoid bad luck?  Over your shoulder

In what year was TOWIE star Joey Essex born?  1990

Bonus Round
How many total time zones are there in the world?  24
The Olmecs are an ancient civilization from what country?  Mexico
Spring training for the MLB currently takes place in either Florida or Arizona.  What are the two league names?  Grapefruit & Cactus
Pyrite, also known as fool's gold, is actually a mineral containing ions of what metal?  Iron
Inflammation of what part of the body is called blepharitis?  Eyelids
The Easter Rising took place in what country in 1916?  Ireland
In what year did IBM introduce the first floppy disk?  1971
The European Free Trade Association was established in what city in 1960?  Stockholm
What British Prime Minister resigned in 1957 over ill-health?  Anthony Eden
Who was voted Time Magazine's 'Man Of The Year' in 1932?  Franklin D. Roosevelt

Game 230906F
Game Date: Wednesday, September 6, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
The comedy TV series The Office was originally made in what country?  United Kingdom
In 1997, Gillian Anderson won an Emmy for her iconic role as Dana Scully on what TV series?  The X-Files
What legendary crooner, best known for his song “I Left My Heart in San Francisco”, passed away on July 21st  at the age of 96?  Tony Bennett
What other artist appears on the hit single "Blurred Lines" with Robin Thicke and T.I?  Pharrell
Megan Fox starred as the title character in what 2009 horror-comedy about a high school student possessed by demons?  Jennifer's Body
What US city was Nicolas Cage “Leaving” in a 1995 movie?  Las Vegas
In honor of National Mustard Day on August 5th, what candy brand recently partnered with French's to create a mustard-flavored edition of its namesake candy?  Skittles
Which of TV's F.R.I.E.N.D.S main characters had an annoying ex-girlfriend named Janice?  Chandler 
What U.S. state was sued by the Department of Justice last month over a floating border barrier placed in the Rio Grande?  Texas
The 2019 movie Pet Sematary is based on a book by what writer?  Stephen King

General Knowledge
The capital cities of Jamaica, Ukraine, and Uganda all begin with what letter of the alphabet?  K
What is the full medical name of the flu?  Influenza
What is the tallest building in the world?  Burj Khalifa
What animal can be seen on the Porsche logo?  Horse
What planet has the highest gravity, at 2.5 times more massive than every other planet in our Solar System combined?  Jupiter
How many Pyramids of Giza were made?  3
What is the longest above-water mountain range?   The Andes
For Windows computer users, what is the shortcut for the paste function?  Ctrl + V
In a game of Chess, which color makes the first move?  White
What US city is known as the City of Brotherly Love?  Philadelphia
Holly Willoughby became a co-presenter on the ITV show, This Morning, in what year?  2009

Bonus Round
What is the rarest blood type?  AB negative
What German airline hired pilot Marga von Etzdorf in 1927, making her the first woman ever hired to fly for an airline?  Lufthansa
What two states in the U.S. share the most borders with other states?  Tennessee & Missouri 
What writer used his experiences as an ambulance driver in World War I for his 1929 novel A Farewell to Arms?  Ernest Hemingway
What major river is home to Canada's Thousand Islands National Park?  St. Lawrence River
What are the first 22 cards in a tarot deck called?  The Major Arcana
Published anonymously in 1811, what was the first book by Jane Austen?  Sense & Sensibility
At what temperature does water boil in degrees Celsius?  100 degrees
The 1864 Second Schleswig War involved what country fighting off the Germans and Prussians?  Denmark
Barbastelle, Bechstein's, and Natterer's are species of what mammal?  Bat

Game 230907F
Game Date: Thursday, September 7, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
The Wrath of Khan was a movie in what film franchise?  Star Trek
Doris Roberts won four Emmy Awards for her role as Marie Barone on what CBS sitcom?                              Everybody Loves Raymond
What country detained an American soldier last month after he crossed the Military Demarcation Line into their territory?  North Korea
The songs "The Sign" and "Don't Turn Around" were hits for what group?  Ace of Base
What movie, based on an iconic Disney theme park attraction, opened in theaters on July 28th?  Haunted Mansion
Who directed such controversial 2000s horror films as Cabin Fever and Hostel?  Eli Roth
A 19-minute drum solo from John Bonham is among the highlights on How the West Was Won, a 2003 live album from what rock band?  Led Zeppelin
On July 24th, what country's lawmakers passed a controversial law proposed by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to limit the powers of its Supreme Court?  Israel
What instrument did Lady Gaga start playing at the age of 4?  Piano
"You complete me" is a line from what 1996 movie?  Jerry Maguire


General Knowledge
An extra day is added to what month during a Leap Year?  February
In January 1785, two balloonists made the first recorded flight across what body of water separating southern England from northern France?  English Channel
The capital cities of Nicaragua, Mozambique, and Uruguay all begin with what letter of the alphabet?  M
Gastric refers to what part of the body?  Stomach
"The only thing we have to fear is fear itself" was said by what US president during his inaugural address?                    Franklin D. Roosevelt
The Spanish word “Arroz” refers to what food in English?  Rice
After nitrogen, what is the most plentiful gas in the Earth’s atmosphere?  Oxygen
What book begins: "When he was nearly thirteen, my brother Jem got his arm badly broken at the elbow"?                  To Kill a Mockingbird
What company makes the famous Number 5 perfume?  Chanel
What group of fruits includes lemons, oranges, and limes?  Citrus
The 1993 movie The Piano was set in what country?  New Zealand

Bonus Round
Before 1965, Singapore was part of what country?  Malaysia
The Classical piece "O mio babbino caro" is by what composer?  Giacomo Puccini 
What is the medical name for the craving of bizarre foods that some women experience during pregnancy?  Pica
What is the only part of the body with no blood supply?  Cornea
What was the name of the first woman ever to receive a medical degree in America?  Elizabeth Blackwell
In what decade did the Spanish Civil War start?  1930s
The hit show The Good Doctor is a remake of a show from what country?  South Korea
Who was British Prime Minister from 1997-2007?  Tony Blair
Owain Glyndŵr was a medieval leader of what country?  Wales
Where would you find the pisiform bone?  Wrist

Game 230908F
Game Date: Friday, September 8, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Krysten Ritter starred as what private investigating ‘superhero’ and Defender?  Jessica Jones
What actress and activist, best known for her role as Nyota Uhura on the original Star Trek, passed away last year at the age of 89?  Nichelle Nichols
Zayn Malik was the first member to leave what popular boy band?  One Direction
Woody and Buzz Lightyear are the main characters in what 1995 Pixar animated film?  Toy Story
What former Rhode Island governor, now U.S. Secretary of Commerce recently arrived in China for a state visit? Gina Raimondo
Whose Street Magic show first appeared on TV in 1997?  David Blaine
Who stars as Ichabod Crane in the 1999 film Sleepy Hollow?  Johnny Depp
Billie Eilish, Lana Del Ray, and Kendrick Lamar were among the recent headliners at what music festival held in Chicago's Grant Park?  Lollapalooza
Jason Goldberg and what famous actor created the MTV show Punk'd?  Ashton Kutcher
Who plays the title role in the Deadpool film franchise?  Ryan Reynolds 

General Knowledge
What snake derives its scientific name from the Greek word for "castanet"?  Rattlesnake
What bone is found in the lower leg, next to the tibia?  Fibula
What activity would you be playing if you heard the terms “no footsies”, “Jumbos”,  and “For keeps”?  Marbles
Who was banned from opening a box in Greek mythology?  Pandora
Olfactory refers to which of the human senses?  Smell
What word is made up from initial letters of other words?  Acronym
The Earth consists of many layers -- which layer lies between the crust and the core?  Mantle
What American boxer fought against Joe Frazier in the 1972 match known as the ‘Thrilla in Manila’?  Muhammed Ali
Baby Back Ribs are typically made from the ribs of what animal?  Pig
Which type of bee has the job of gathering nectar to feed the colony?  Worker

What rock singer's real name is William Baily?  Axl Rose

Bonus Round
Who wrote the short story "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow"?  Washington Irving
What term describes a Roman measurement equivalent to 1500 paces?  League
Chuquicamata mine (in Chile) is the world’s largest open pit mine of what element?  Copper
Alphabetically, what is the first animal in the Chinese Zodiac?  Dog
The first Labor Day was celebrated in what U.S city?  New York City
Who is the Roman goddess of the hunt?  Diana
Planck's constant is represented by what letter of the alphabet?  H
In the name of the electronics manufacturer JVC, what does the letter `J` stand for?  Japan (Japan Victor Company)
Name both US Presidents who passed away hours apart on Independence Day in 1826? Thomas Jefferson & John Adams
Varicella is the medical name for what illness?  Chickenpox

Game 230910F
Game Date: Sunday, September 10, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Lady Gaga is the godmother to what famous British singer’s son?  Elton John
Byrde is the last name of the family in what Netflix series?  Ozark
Last year, The 2022 Commonwealth Games took place in what city in England?  Birmingham
“Cry Me A River” and “Senorita” are songs by what artist?  Justin Timberlake
Darren Criss played the killer of who in the 2018 American Crime Story miniseries?  Gianni Versace
Beyoncé is married to what American rapper?  Jay-Z
Will Smith turned down the role of Neo in what influential 1999 sci-fi action film?  The Matrix
What fast food chain recently announced that its popular Mexican Pizza will be returning to menus this month?       Taco Bell
A blue bird is the *former* logo of what popular social network, after a controversial re-branding by Elon Musk?  X
Winged monkeys appear in what 1939 movie as flying henchmen to the main villain?  The Wizard of Oz

General Knowledge
What term describes a party before a wedding as well as an adult male deer?  Stag
Besides lemon, what other juice is the typical main ingredient in a Bloody Mary cocktail?  Tomato
In what organ in the body is bile stored?  Gallbladder
What MLB player set the single-season home run record in 2001 with 73; a record that has yet to be surpassed?  Barry Bonds
Which Ancient Greek wrote the Iliad and Odyssey?  Homer
What name is given to the 538 elected representatives who select the President and Vice President?               Electoral College
What color might your skin turn if you have jaundice?  Yellow
What country invented fireworks?  China
Does the term Ventricle refer to the upper or lower chambers of the heart?  Lower
Volkswagen gave what insect name to the car they introduced in 1938?  Beetle
Who directed the 1997 movie GI Jane?  Ridley Scott

Bonus Round
What gas, with formula C2H4, is released by ripening fruit?  Ethylene
Who was the first Roman Emperor to convert to Christianity?  Constantine
What two soccer players did FIFA name as the co-winners of the ‘Soccer Player of the Century’ back in 1999?          Pele and Maradona   
Who wrote the novels Gone Girl and Sharp Objects?  Gillian Flynn
What name is given to a piece of art split into three pieces?  Triptych
What mythical beast has the body of a lion, face of a man, and stinger of a scorpion?  Manticore
President Grover Cleveland signed the Labor Day holiday bill on June 28th in what decade?  1890s
What museum was the famous Hope Diamond donated to in the 1950s?  Smithsonian
The ventral pleat is grooves in the skin under the mouth of what creature?  Whales
What American designer invented the wrap dress?  Diane von Furstenberg

Game 230911F
Game Date: Monday, September 11, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What is the name of Scooby-Doo's nephew?  Scrappy-Doo
Last month, two sailors in the U.S. Navy were arrested and charged with selling national security secrets to what country?  China
Perhaps it was a touch of inflation, but when the 1963 Federico Fellini film 8-1/2 was turned into a Broadway musical in 1982, it had what numerical title?  Nine
Ryan Gosling officially entered the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart with what ballad from the film Barbie?  I'm Just Ken
In 1998, George C. Scott won an Emmy for his portrayal of Juror #3 in HBO's remake of what classic 1957 film?         12 Angry Men
What color is the shirt that Winnie-the-Pooh wears?  Red
In July, rock musician Jack White announced an auction of White Stripes-era gear to raise funds for what U.S. city's Clark Park?  Detroit
Of the famous acting siblings, James and Dave Franco, which is older?  James
In a recent interview with Fox News, Florida Governor Ron DeSantis tentatively agreed to a debate with what California Governor?  Gavin Newsom
How many times did Ross Geller get divorced on the TV series F.R.I.E.N.D.S?  3

General Knowledge
How many incisor teeth does the average adult have?  8
What author of The Giving Tree and Where the Sidewalk Ends also wrote and illustrated the rhyming picture book A Giraffe and a Half?  Shel Silverstein
What ice cream brand, seen throughout shopping malls in the 1990s, famously billed itself as the "ice cream of the future"?  Dippin' Dots
What does PG stand for when referring to a movie that is “Rated PG”?  Parental Guidance (Suggested)
Jackson is the capital of what U.S state?  Mississippi
What are the tiny air sacs in the lungs called?  Alveoli
What former Carolina Panthers’ quarterback started for the New England Patriots in 2020 (after the departure of Tom Brady)?  Cam Newton
What does the ‘P’ stand for in ZIP Code?  Plan (Zone Improvement Plan)
What was the most famous work by philosopher Dante?  The Divine Comedy
The flag of the UN is blue and what other color?  White
Spinning Out is a Netflix show about what sport?  Figure Skating

Bonus Round
The French dish of moules mariniere is made using what seafood?  Mussels
Name 3 out of the 4 teams that have won at least five Super Bowls.                                                                   Answers: New England Patriots (6), Pittsburgh Steelers (6), San Francisco 49ers (5), & Dallas Cowboys (5)
Famously featured in a 1984 campaign ad for Ronald Reagan, what is Russia's national animal?  Bear
The 1842 Treaty of Nanking ceded what well-known administrative region to the British?  Hong Kong
What artist died in 1520, leaving The Transfiguration unfinished?  Raphael
Famous from the Netflix hit Tiger King, in what US State is Joe Exotic 's zoo located?  Oklahoma
Savile Row in London is known for being home to what type of business?  Tailoring
Gloucester Old Spot, Tamworth, and Berkshire are British varieties of what animal?  Pig
Oscar Niemeyer was famous in what field of the arts?  Architecture
Muirfield and Carnoustie are golf courses located in what country?  Scotland

Game 230912F
Game Date: Tuesday, September 12, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
In Disney’s “A Goofy Movie”, what is the name of Goofy’s son?  Max
In 2006, what Canadian actor scored an Oscar nomination for his role as a drug-using junior high school teacher in the film Half Nelson?  Ryan Gosling
"There's Something Wrong with Esther" was a marketing tagline for what 2009 horror film?  Orphan
During a recent archaeological excavation of the Palazzo Della Rovere in Rome, scholars discovered the remains of a private theatre built by what Roman emperor?  Nero
What former Eagles bassist, best known for singing lead vocals on the band's hit “Take It to the Limit”, passed away on July 26, 2023 at the age of 77?  Randy Meisner
Of the famous acting siblings, Mark and Donnie Wahlberg, which is older?  Donnie
What singer-songwriter recently gave a $100,000 bonus to each truck driver on her Eras tour?  Taylor Swift
What type of dog is the famous pooch Lassie?  Collie
In the 90’s Nickelodeon series Rugrats, what color was the dinosuar Reptar’s tongue?  Purple
What artist made history in 2020 as the youngest winner of the Grammys’ four main categories?  Billie Eilish

General Knowledge
What do we call the natural openings in the skin?  Pores
What does the G stand for when referring to a movie that is “Rated G”?  General Audience
What word refers to a singular strand of spaghetti?  Spaghetto
Frankfort is the capital of what U.S state?  Kentucky
The three main types of blood cells consist of red blood cells, white blood cells, and what other type?  Platelets
In what year did Patrick Mahomes become the full-time starting quarterback for the NFL’s Kansas City Chiefs?  2018
The height of what animals is usually measured in hands?  Horses
Along with Elizabeth Cady Stanton, who was the main activist for women's suffrage in the US?  Susan B Anthony
What does the ‘I’ stand for in ZIP Code?  Improvement (Zone Improvement Plan)
What author wrote the novel The Scarlet Letter?  Nathaniel Hawthorne 


"The Uplift Mofo Party Plan" was an 80s album by what rock group?  Red Hot Chili Peppers

Bonus Round
John F. Kennedy has been the face of the U.S. half dollar since 1964. Which of America's founding fathers was on the coin immediately before JFK?  Benjamin Franklin
Cirrhosis is the inflammation of what organ?  Liver
Itzamna was the main God in what civilization?  Mayan
The Medici family was a political dynasty that first rose to power in the 13th century in what Italian city?  Florence
Put the following four space films in chronological order of when they were first released, first to most recent:        Space Balls, Star Wars: A New Hope, 2001: A Space Odyssey, and E.T. the Extra Terrestrial.                             Answer: 2001: A Space Odyssey, Star Wars: A New Hope, E.T. the Extra Terrestrial, & Space Balls
During 2012 and 2013, what Mediterranean island nation suffered a major banking crisis?  Cyprus
Though NFL Hall of Fame wide receiver Terrell Owens wore number 81 for virtually his entire career, what number did he wear during the pre-season of his rookie year?  15
What birds have lived for hundreds of years at the Tower of London?  Ravens
Besides the Florin, what currency did the Netherlands use before the Euro?  Guilder
General Oviedo was blamed for a failed military coup in what nation in 2000?  Paraguay


Game 230913F
Game Date: Wednesday, September 13, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
On July 31st, at the Vogtle Electric Generating Plant, the long awaited nuclear reactor began operations in what U.S. state?  Georgia
What type of dog is the famous pooch Beethoven?  Saint Bernard
What "King of the Movie Soundtracks" contributed the tune “Meet Me Halfway” to the Sylvester Stallone arm-wrestling flick Over the Top?  Kenny Loggins
Courtney B. Vance won an Emmy in 2016 for his performance in The People v. O. J. Simpson as what famous lawyer?  Johnnie Cochran
What color is the necklace that Pocahontas wears throughout the Disney film of the same name?  Blue
Last month, a man filed a lawsuit against what fast food chain over allegations that it falsely advertised how much beef was in its Crunchwraps?  Taco Bell
In Disney, who is the great-uncle of Huey, Dewey, and Louie?  Scrooge McDuck
Sean Connery spent time aboard the U.S.S. Puffer to prepare for his role as a Soviet submarine captain in what 1990 film?  The Hunt for Red October
Mutant Mayhem is the subtitle for the recently released film starring what superhero quartet?                             Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Of the famous acting siblings, Jake and Maggie Gyllenhaal, which is older?  Maggie


General Knowledge
What comes after "Kuiper" in a solar system zone beyond the orbit of Neptune?  Belt
In the United States, the dairy product known as "half and half" is made of 50% whole milk and 50% what?  Cream
On December 17, 1903, Orville and Wilbur Wright made the first ever sustained flight of a powered, heavier-than-air aircraft near Kitty Hawk in what US state?  North Carolina
Any dish served "a la Florentine" includes what vegetable?  Spinach
What is the fastest growing woody plant in the world?  Bamboo
What does the R stand for when referring to a movie that is “Rated R”?  Restricted
Saint Paul is the capital of what U.S state?  Minnesota
What chemicals are produced by the endocrine system?  Hormones
In what year did Mac Jones becomes the full-time starting quarterback for the NFL’s New England Patriots?  2021
Of the following popular brands, which one is not known for tequila: Jose Cuervo, Patrón, Don Julio, or Bacardi?               Answer: Bacardi (rum)


Angelina Jolie plays sociopath Lisa Rowe in what 1999 movie?  Girl, Interrupted

Bonus Round
Guillermo del Toro's 2001 horror film The Devil's Backbone is set against the backdrop of what 20th-century war?  Spanish Civil War
In what decade did attorney John J. Loud receive the first patent for a ballpoint pen?  1880s
What two letters are the only to not appear on the current periodic table?  J & Q  
Argentina shares the responsibility for Tierra del Fuego with what other country?  Chile
Who was the only American president to become a supreme court justice, making him the head of the both the judicial and executive branches?  William Howard Taft
In what European country were Dacia cars founded?  Romania
The three types of radioactive decay are Alpha, Beta, and what other type?  Gamma
Winston Graham's "Poldark" novels are set in what English county?  Cornwall
Shimon Peres and Yitzhak Shamir were both presidents of what country in the 1980s?  Israel
A fireman with a picture of the Queen in his pocket appears in what Beatles’ song?  Penny Lane

Game 230914F
Game Date: Thursday, September 14, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What hard-hitting action star headlined the 2002 film Half Past Dead?  Steven Seagal
What TV show featured the following three episodes: “Dancing To The Max”, “The Fabulous Belding Boys”, “Screech's Spaghetti Sauce”?  Saved by the Bell
What is Yogi Bear’s best friend’s name?  Boo Boo
What lead singer of the Who starred as the title character in the 1975 film Tommy?  Roger Daltrey
Of the famous acting siblings, Owen and Luke Wilson, which is older?  Owen
What actor/comedian, best known for his iconic character "Pee-wee Herman”, recently passed away at the age of 70?       Paul Reubens
What color is the ball gown that Cinderella wears to the the ball in the Disney film of the same name?  Blue
Who is rumored to have inspired Demi Lovato’s song "29?”  Wilmer Valderrama
What capital city of Portugal hosted the Catholic Church's annual World Youth Day last month?  Lisbon
Glee, Hollywood, The Politician, and American Horror Story are all shows by what Emmy Award-winning producer?  Ryan Murphy

General Knowledge
Baton Rouge is the capital of what US state?  Louisiana
In the world of sports, how long is each half of a standard professional soccer match?  45 minutes
London's Central Hall of Arts and Sciences was renamed in honor of what husband of Queen Victoria?  Prince Albert
What tech company first introduced its Walkman portable tape cassette player in 1979?  Sony
What does PG-13 mean when referring to a movie that is “PG-13”?  Parents Strongly Cautioned
Hush Puppies batter is made of what?  Cornmeal
In what year did Josh Allen become the full-time starting quarterback for the NFL’s Buffalo Bills?  2018
Pythagoras was a Greek expert that made contributions to what specific field of mathematics?  Geometry
What is the largest species of ape?  Gorillas
What is the only fruit to have seeds on the outside?  Strawberry
"Tip Toe" and "Colors" were hits by what artist?  Jason Derulo

Bonus Round
How many sonnets did William Shakespeare write in 1609 as part of his quarto: A) 150  B) 154  C) 158  D) 160?  Answer: B) 154
Who became the first First Lady to participate in a Pride March?  Hilary Clinton
In the 1950s, Myxomatosis wiped out 90% of what animal population in France?  Rabbit
On May 27, 1931, balloonists Auguste Piccard and Paul Kipfer became the first human beings to venture into which layer of the Earth's atmosphere?  Stratosphere
What sweet does the witch use to tempt Edmund in the film The Lion, The Witch, and the Wardrobe?  Turkish Delight
Conkers are the fruits of what tree?  Horse Chestnut
In what decade did John Quincy Adams serve as US President?  1820s
Cow's Skull: Red, White, and Blue is one of the most famous works by what US artist?  Georgia O'Keeffe
Macrodontia means you have abnormally large what?  Teeth
Located in Africa, what is the capital city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo?  Kinshasa 


Game 230915F
Game Date: Friday, September 15, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who won the 2023 ‘Best Actress’ Golden Globe for her work in the motion picture Everything Everywhere All at Once? Michelle Yeoh
In the Disney movie Bambi, the title character is what type of creature?  Deer
The lawyer Atticus has what last name in the novel To Kill a Mockingbird?  Finch
What is the name of the Smash Mouth lead singer who recently passed away due to liver failure? Steve Harwell 
Meg Ryan stars with what other actor in the film When Harry Met Sally?  Billy Crystal
What number one hit song was recorded by both Dolly Parton and Whitney Houston?  I Will Always Love You
Production of what Marvel film featuring Hugh Jackman and Ryan Reynolds was paused in July following the SAG-AFTRA strike? Deadpool 3
What British actor starred in both American Psycho and The Prestige?  Christian Bale
Shaggy, from the hit animated series Scooby-Doo, wears a shirt of what color?  Green
What San Diego Padres player was suspended for 80 games last year for violating the MLB drug policy?         Fernando Tatis Jr. 

General Knowledge
In bowling, what is it called when someone rolls three strikes in a row?  A Turkey
What letter in the Roman numeral system comes last alphabetically?  X
In The Bible’s Book of Daniel, Daniel is thrown into a den filled with what animals?  Lions
What is the official language of Austria?  German
Lactose Intolerance is an intolerance of what?  Dairy (Milk Products)
Which of the following terms best describes the “most frequently occurring” value in a data set; mean, median, or mode?  Mode
The ‘Bay Area' refers to what U.S city?  San Francisco
What fairy tale character is known for having ridiculously long hair?  Rapunzel
What does a cobbler make and/or fix?  Shoes
Found in a particular type of soda, what spice is often used as a remedy to treat nausea?  Ginger
A dog called Sprocket appeared in what childrens T.V show?  Fraggle Rock

Bonus Round
NBO is a code for an airport located in what country?  Kenya
In the 1994 film Forrest Gump, Forrest is seen with what three U.S. Presidents at different points throughout the film?                        John F. Kennedy, Richard Nixon, and Lyndon B. Johnson
What is the oldest state in Australia, as well as the most populous?  New South Wales
A sandwich made with peanut butter, bananas, and bacon is named after what famous deceased singer?  Elvis
What word, which ends in three vowels, signifies “goodbye” in French?  (SPELLING COUNTS)  Adieu
The Bonneville is a famous motorcycle model from what British manufacturer?  Triumph
For decades, the Red Sox were not the only Major League Baseball team in Boston.  What franchise played there before moving to Milwaukee in 1953?  The Braves
What is the term for the smooth area, above the nose and between the eyebrows?  Glabella
What topic was represented by the color brown in Trivial Pursuit?  Arts & Leisure
Plumbago is an old-fashioned name for which compound?  Graphite

Game 230917F
Game Date: Sunday, September 17, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Marilyn Monroe won her only Golden Globe for her performance in what film?  Some Like It Hot
Stewie wears overalls of what color in the animated sitcom Family Guy?  Red
Luke, Calum, Ashton, and Michael make up what pop band?  5 Seconds of Summer
Adam Clayton and Larry Mullen Jr. (from the band U2) teamed up to record the theme music for what 1996 Tom Cruise film?  Mission: Impossible
In July, US Senator Chuck Schumer asked the FDA to investigate what energy drink brand for its potentially harmful caffeine levels? Prime
Which of the chipmunks wears glasses – Simon, Theodore, or Alvin?  Simon
Joe Pesci, Robert de Niro, and Al Pacino star in what 2019 TV film?  The Irishman
Quidditch is an invented sport in what series of books?  Harry Potter
What 75th annual awards show, originally intended to take place tomorrow, Sept. 18th, has been moved to January of next year? The Emmys
The NBA announced last year that they would retire the number 6 (league-wide) in honor of what Hall of Fame center and Civil Rights activist?  Bill Russell

General Knowledge
What letter in the Roman numeral system comes first alphabetically?  C
On August 9th, NFL owners voted to approve the sale of what franchise to the Walton-Penner group?                  Denver Broncos
A Seattle Roll is what type of food?  Sushi
The headquarters of the CIA, the George Bush Center for Intelligence, is located in what unincorporated community in Virginia?  Langley
Merriam-Webster is famously known for publishing what book?  Dictionary
Pablo Picasso was born in Malaga, a city found in what country?  Spain
What is the largest species of penguin? The Emperor 
What French term is used when it feels as though you're experiencing something you did before?  Déjà vu
An elephant represents which current political US party?  Republican
What process involves heating food or milk to remove harmful bacteria?  Pasteurization
Crisis management expert Olivia Pope was the main character in what T.V series?  Scandal

Bonus Round
The only star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame that is located on a vertical surface belongs to what athlete; this athlete did not want his name to be walked upon?  Muhammad Ali
The first human heart transplant was performed in 1967 in what country?  South Africa
Equipment for a horse, such as the saddle, halter, and stirrups, is collectively known by what 4-letter name?  Tack
A 10-day motorcycle rally held every August draws upwards of 500,000 bikers to what South Dakota city?  Sturgis
What country won the inaugural FIFA Word Cup in 1930? Uruguay
A lot of people have noticed that the air has a particular smell after it rains but not a lot of people know that this smell has an actual name; what is it?  Petrichor
In a game of Hearts, how many penalty points do you get if you end up with the queen of spades?  13
What were the surnames of the famous depression era gangster couple Bonnie and Clyde?  Parker and Barrow
What topic is represented by the color blue in Trivial Pursuit?  Geography
The U.S launched what space station in 1973?  Skylab


Game 230918F
Game Date: Monday, September 18, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who is the mother to Kim, Kendall, Kylie, and Kourtney Kardashian?  Kris Jenner
Voice actor Johnny Hardwick passed away on August 8th at the age of 64—he was best known for voicing Dale Gribble on what animated series?  King of the Hill
What US city has a rap recording studio known as "The Dungeon"?  Atlanta
What jazz musician is known as "The First Lady of Song"?  Ella Fitzgerald
What actress/singer recently announced her engagement to "Property Brother" Jonathan Scott on Instagram?      Zooey Deschanel
Complete the name of this popular Disney Channel show: Wizards of __________ Place.  Answer: Waverly
What country's Luna-25 spacecraft crashed into the moon on August 20 after spinning into an unpredictable orbit?  Russia
Who played John Rambo in a series of movies?  Sylvester Stallone
What group's 1985 album was called Brothers in Arms?  Dire Straits
On August 8th, US President Joe Biden signed a law establishing a new national monument around what landmark in Arizona?  Grand Canyon



General Knowledge
In 1939, who became the first 20th-century Mexican artist to sell a painting to the Louvre?  Frida Kahlo
What is the southernmost of the Great Lakes?  Lake Erie
What element on the periodic table has the shortest name?  Tin
What square pillow-shaped pasta is often filled with meat, cheese, or vegetables?  Ravioli
In what decade did WWI take place?  1910s
What sign of the Zodiac is represented by a goat?  Capricorn
In what city will the 2024 Summer Olympics be held?  Paris
What term was assigned to Pluto once it was no longer considered a “full-fledged” planet?  Dwarf planet
Is the soft drink 7-Up distributed by the Pepsi or Coca-Cola company?  Pepsi
A humorous, five-lined, rhyming poem is named after what Irish city?  Limerick


Who played Jonas in the 2018 movie The Meg?  Jason Statham 

Bonus Round
Hotels called Paradors are mostly located in historic buildings in what country?  Spain
The phrase "jumping the shark" had its origins in a 1977 episode of what TV show?  Happy Days
The 1703 Apennine earthquakes were a series of earthquakes in what European country?  Italy
Aureliano Buendia is the main character in what novel?  One Hundred Years of Solitude
Who was the Vice President under Lyndon B. Johnson in the '60s?  Hubert Humphrey
What is the nearest major spiral galaxy to our own?  Andromeda Galaxy
What is the name for the most abundant monosaccharide?  Glucose
Who set a TV viewership record with the "Aloha from Hawaii" concert in the 70s?  Elvis Presley
What was the last country in the European Union to abolish capital punishment?  Latvia
What king was known as the 'Sun King'?  Louis XIV (aka Louis the Great)



Game 230919F
Game Date: Tuesday, September 19, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What character is stolen by a toy collector in the Pixar film Toy Story 2?  Woody
Singer-songwriter Rodriguez passed away on August 8th — he was the subject of what Oscar-winning 2012 documentary?  Searching for Sugar Man
What band released an album called The Spaghetti Incident?  Guns N’ Roses
Heiress is a fragrance by what TV personality and businesswoman?  Paris Hilton
On August 8th, the World Bank announced that it will not consider new loans to what country due to recent anti-gay legislation the country passed?  Uganda
Portrayed by Elisabeth Moss, Peggy Olson is a character in what TV show?  Mad Men
The TV show Narcos is set in what country?  Colombia
What fast food chicken chain announced last month that it will add the Honey Pepper Pimento Chicken Sandwich to its fall menu?  Chick-fil-A
Football player Michael Oher filed a lawsuit last month alleging that he was not adopted by a family as had been depicted in what 2009 film?  The Blind Side
Sun Studios is a famous recording venue in what US city?  Memphis


General Knowledge
What soup is the official state cuisine of Louisiana?  Gumbo
What four-letter word refers to when a pinball player shifts or shakes the machine past an acceptable level?  Tilt
What is the northernmost of the Great Lakes?  Lake Superior
In what decade did WWII end?  1940s
What sign of the Zodiac is represented by a crab?  Cancer
In what city were the 2020 Summer Olympic games held?  Tokyo
What is the most abundant element in Earth’s atmosphere?  Nitrogen
Varieties of what creature include fire, bull, and leafcutter?  Ants
What word means the opposite of waning; from new moon to full moon?  Waxing
Is the soft drink Fanta owned by the Pepsi or Coca-Cola company?  Coca-Cola



Who played Elizabeth I in the 2018 movie Mary Queen of Scots?  Margot Robbie

Bonus Round
“Fade Into You” was a hit in the '90s for what alternative rock band?  Mazzy Star
What planet has moons called Triton, Proteus, and Hippocamp?  Neptune
Anserine is a word relating to what birds?  Geese
What form of UV light is the most dangerous, but thankfully stopped by the atmosphere?  UVC / C
What Beatle was kicked out of a Los Angeles nightclub in 1974 for heckling the Smothers Brothers?  John Lennon
What alloy is roughly an eighth tin and roughly seven eighths copper?  Bronze
Jerry Rawlings led what country from 1981 to 2001?  Ghana
English novelist HE Bates had what first names?  Herbert Ernest
Camp Dubois, where Lewis and Clark started their expedition, is located in what state?  Illinois
Zoroastrianism was the religion of what ancient empire?  Persia




Game 230920F
Game Date: Wednesday, September 20, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What singer recently announced that she is releasing a re-recorded version of her 2014 album 1989?  Taylor Swift
On what gameshow would the host say "Is that your final answer"?  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire
What volcano on the island of Sicily, Italy, erupted on August 14th, leading to flight cancellations at a local airport?  Mount Etna
New Power Generation was the backing band for what artist from 1990 to 2013?  Prince
What word is both the name of a 1998 movie starring Jerry Springer and the traditional term for a circus emcee?  Ringmaster
What soup company acquired Sovos Brands last month in a deal worth $2.7 billion?  Campbell
Matthew McConaughey starred alongside what actress in the movie How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days?  Kate Hudson
Locarno film festival takes place in what country?  Switzerland
Last month, the English town of Dartford revealed statues of which two natives who went on to be members of the Rolling Stones?  Mick Jagger & Keith Richards
The legal drama The Firm was based on a book by what writer?  John Grisham

General Knowledge
What is the easternmost of the Great Lakes?  Lake Ontario
My Friends the Wild Chimpanzees was a 1969 book by what acclaimed primatologist?  Jane Goodall
In what decade did WWII begin?  1930s 
What is the official language of Brazil?  Portuguese
What sign of the Zodiac is represented by a bull?  Taurus
In what city will the 2026 Winter Olympics be held?  Milan
What is the second most abundant element in Earth’s atmosphere?  Oxygen
What is the largest two digit prime number?  97
What word has the opposite meaning of waxing; from full moon to new moon?  Waning
Is the soft drink Sprite owned by the Pepsi or Coca-Cola company?  Coca-Cola
Who plays Abigail, "The Favourite" in the 2018 movie of the same name?  Emma Stone

Bonus Round
What was the name of the hurricane which hit Florida in August 1960?  Donna
"We slept in what had once been the gymnasium" was the opening line of what book turned Hulu series?                  The Handmaid's Tale
What flower, with a strong spiritual significance, is also known as the bean of India?  Lotus
What producer created the famous music production formula known as 'The Wall of Sound'?  Phil Spector
What fictional lawyer, created by Erle Stanley Gardner, was portrayed on TV by Raymond Burr?  Perry Mason
What country granted Winston Churchill honorary citizenship in 1963?  United States
What carmaker came out on top in the first F1 championship in 1950?  Alfa Romeo
Taking place in Rome, in what decade did the first Paralympic Games take place?  1960s
Hagia Sophia—once the world's largest building—is a place of worship in what Eurasian city?  Istanbul
What was the name of the supersonic passenger plane, unveiled in 1967?  Concorde




Game 230921F
Game Date: Thursday, September 21, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
In Raiders of the Lost Ark, Indiana Jones digs into the Well of Souls in what country?  Egypt
Last month, what director of Barbie became the first female solo director in history to have a film break the $1 billion mark at the box office?  Greta Gerwig
Fox River State Penitentiary features in what TV show?  Prison Break
What member of the British royal family was appointed Colonel-in-Chief of The Army Air Corps by King Charles III on August 11th?  Prince William
Actress Isla Fisher is from what country?  Australia
NFL quarterback Derek Carr played in the first pre-season game on August 13th for what team?  New Orleans Saints
On August 16th, Sam Asghari filed for divorce from what singer?  Britney Spears 
The 2016 album Hardwired... to Self-Destruct was by what group?  Metallica
On Feb. 28, 1983, the series finale of what sitcom reached an estimated audience of 125 million viewers?  M*A*S*H
The 1960 movie Spartacus was made by what famous director?  Stanley Kubrick


General Knowledge
"Let's build something together" was a slogan for what home improvement chain?  Lowe's
What is the westernmost of the Great Lakes?  Lake Superior
In what year was the Declaration of Independence signed?  1776
What sign of the Zodiac is represented by a fish?  Pisces
What is the name of the scale used for measuring the hotness of different peppers?  Scoville Scale
In what city were the 2022 Winter Olympic games held?  Beijing
How many total syllables are in a haiku poem?  17
What astronomical term is given to a distance of 3.26 light-years?  Parsec (or Parallax second)
Is the soft drink Mountain Dew produced by the Pepsi or Coca-Cola company?  Pepsi
A lady’s slipper is a variety of what type of flower?  Orchid

Who plays a motivational speaker in the 1999 movie Magnolia?  Tom Cruise

Bonus Round
The SkyTrain is the metro rail system of what major Canadian city?  Vancouver
What company changed its name from U-Tote’m after it implemented new store hours in 1946?  7-Eleven
On June 19, 1953, what couple was executed by the US after being found guilty of spying for the Russians?         Julius & Ethel Rosenberg
What part of the body is also known as the pollex?  Thumb
John F. Kennedy, the 35th President of the United States, was the youngest to ever be elected.  How old was he when he was elected?  43
Prime Minister Keith Holyoake announced he was withdrawing what country's troops from Vietnam in 1971?  New Zealand
Who discovered the first gas law?  Robert Boyle
Dzein Zaduszny is a festival similar to the ‘Day of the Dead’, and takes place in what country?  Poland
Eve's Pudding is made with what fruit?  Apple
What Lord of the Rings actor performed as the lead in the 2018 West End production of King Lear?  Ian McKellen




Game 230922F
Game Date: Friday, September 22, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who won back-to-back Golden Globes for the films American Hustle and Big Eyes?  Amy Adams
Citing possible contamination issues, The Kraft Heinz Company issued a recall last year for thousands of pouches of what juice concentrate drink?  Capri Sun
What Motown superstar composed the music for the 1979 documentary The Secret Life of Plants?  Stevie Wonder
What actor was just seven years old when she hosted Saturday Night Live?  Drew Barrymore
What 2003 film starring Steve Martin is about a family with twelve children? Cheaper By the Dozen
The 1989 movie Turner and Hooch stars what actor alongside a large dog?  Tom Hanks
"Marry You" and "Lazy" were hits for what singer?  Bruno Mars
What Sesame Street character would you expect to say "Om nom nom nom"?  Cookie Monster
Last month, what was the name of the tropical storm that made landfall in California? Hilary
What Euphoria actor stars opposite Zac Efron in The Greatest Showman?  Zendaya

General Knowledge
What is the capital of Vermont?  Montpelier
The expression "Bah, Humbug" comes from what famous novel?  A Christmas Carol
Besides California and New York, what other U.S state has three NFL teams?  Florida
Insomniacs have trouble doing what?  Sleeping
Although it is not actually made with them, what is the signature, nutty flavor of Amaretto?  Almonds
What are baby goats called?  Kids
Vlad the Impaler, said to be the inspiration for Dracula, was a medieval ruler in what modern-day country?  Romania
Energy from food is measured in what unit?  Calories
Including the tentacles, how many arms does a squid have?  10
In Badminton, what other name is given to the birdie?  Shuttlecock or Shuttle

In what year did Harry Potter and The Cursed Child make its world premiere on stage?  2016

Bonus Round
‘Pillion’ is a British term for what part of a motorcycle?  Rear (Second) Seat
In 2018, who became the most recent horse to win racing's Triple Crown?  Justify
The wire cage that holds a Champagne or sparkling wine cork in place is known as a what?  Muselet
What two colors make up the flag of Bangladesh?  Red and Green
Also known as the Dog Star, what is the name of the brightest star in Earth’s night sky?  Sirius 
What is the fifth letter of the Greek alphabet?  Epsilon
Ezer Weizman was elected President of what country in 1993?  Israel
Rb is the chemical symbol for what element?  Rubidium
Siskin, Redpoll, Linnet, and Twite are varieties of what species of bird?  Finch
How many characters die in the play Romeo and Juliet?  6

Game 230924F
Game Date: Sunday, September 24, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who won a Golden Globe for ‘Best Actress in a Motion Picture Comedy or Musical’ for her performance in the 1995 film To Die For?  Nicole Kidman
Brad Pitt met his future wife Angelina Jolie on the set of what 2005 film?  Mr. & Mrs. Smith
What Nine Inch Nails’ frontman won an Oscar for ‘Best Original Score’ for the 2010 film The Social Network?  Trent Reznor
Mr. Peabody's Apples and The English Roses are two children's books written by what "material girl"?  Madonna
Johnny Depp played what character in the 2010 film Alice in Wonderland?  Mad Hatter
Grammy-winning musician Jon Batiste used to be the bandleader for what night-time talk show?  The Late Show with Stephen Colbert
In the Guardians of the Galaxy films, who voices the arboresque hero, Groot?  Vin Diesel
Last year, the Great Lakes Water Authority issued a drinking water advisory warning in what U.S. state?  Michigan
In what 1990 movie are we first introduced to a character called Kevin McCallister?  Home Alone
The 90’s singers Daddy Mac and Mac Daddy made up what rap group?  Kriss Kross

General Knowledge
According to its slogan, what breakfast cereal is "magically delicious"?  Lucky Charms
What kind of acid are newly pregnant women advised to take?  Folic
Besides the Broncos, what is the only other NFL team with an equine-inspired name?  Colts
What is the outer layer of human skin called?  Epidermis
In children's literature, what character is introduced as having a heart "two sizes too small"?  The Grinch
What are the last names of the two father-son duos that have served as U.S Presidents?  Adams & Bush
What term is given to the formal finding made by a jury in a court case?  Verdict
Pike, Carp, and Barracuda are species of what animal?  Fish
Cobbler is a traditional name for someone making or repairing what items?  Shoes
What is the capital of Florida?  Tallahassee 

Crime program The Bridge was set between Denmark and what other country?  Sweden

Bonus Round
Harley-Davidson is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under what three-letter stock ticker symbol?  HOG
What two colors make up Austria’s flag?  Red and White
What 1980’s pop band took its name from the bumbling detective characters in the comic strip The Adventures of Tintin?  Thompson Twins
In Ballet, the french term Plié refers to what movement?  Bending the knees
In reference to the famous German automaker, the acronym BMW stands for what in English?  Bavarian Motor Works
A group of what kind of mammal is commonly referred to as a tower?  Giraffe
What is the Olde English term for the day after tomorrow?  Overmorrow
How many houses come with the current, standard Monopoly board?  32
What is the technical term for the infection known as Pink Eye?  Conjunctivitis
The first European to explore Victoria Falls in Zimbabwe, David Livingstone, came from what country?  Scotland

Game 230925F
Game Date: Monday, September 25, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What capital city of Canada’s Northwest Territories was evacuated last month due to wildfires?  Yellowknife
"Godfather of Soul" is a nickname for what musical artist?  James Brown
Melissa Gilbert played Laura Ingalls Wilder on what NBC series?  Little House on the Prairie
Hugh Jackman played Wolverine and the evil X-24 clone in what 2017 film?  Logan
Ben, Carol, Mike, and Chrissy were the kids in what ABC TV Series?  Growing Pains
Emmerson Mnangagwa was re-elected president of what African nation on August 27th?  Zimbabwe
What video game based racing film gave Barbie a run for the money at the box office for the weekend ending August 27th?  Gran Turismo
What fellow American Idol winner co-headlined the “Independent Tour” in 2004 with Clay Aiken?  Kelly Clarkson
Matt Damon founded the LivePlanet production company with what actor friend?  Ben Affleck
Crockett and Tubbs fought vice in what city in the 80s?  Miami









General Knowledge
What was the codename given to the project to develop the atomic bomb?  Manhattan
What is the name of the thin wire which glows and produces light in a traditional bulb?  Filament
In 1724, Saint Petersburg State University was established in what country?  Russia
Skin and hair get their color from what substance/pigment?  Melanin
In 1935, Charles Francis Richter developed a magnitude scale to measure the strength of what?  Earthquakes
What animal is depicted in the logo for the World Wide Fund for Nature?  (Giant) Panda Bear
In the 1990s, what Danish toy company's Fiber Optic Technic kits contained parts that cost more to produce than the entire set was being sold for?  Lego
If you order a Hero in the United States, what kind of food item will you be eating?  Sandwich
What was the name of Abraham Lincoln's wife?  Mary
The craft of decoupage is decorating objects with what?  Cut out pieces of paper or fabric
What actor and popular US talk show host plays Smithy in the sitcom Gavin & Stacey?  James Corden

Bonus Round
What major general in the Continental Army defected to the British in 1780, shortly after his plot to surrender West Point was exposed?  Benedict Arnold
In what year was the first Nobel Prize awarded?  1901
Margaret of Anjou was married to what English king?  Henry VI
What robotic spacecraft named after the Latin translation of Odysseus passed through a comet's tail in 2007, its third time to do so?  Ulysses
The First Barbary War was fought off the coast of what current capital city of Libya?  Tripoli
Stannum was the Latin term for what metallic element?  Tin
Name 2 out of the 3 professional tennis players who won seven or more Women’s Singles Titles at Wimbledon since the Open Era began.  Answer: Martina Navratilova (9), Steffi Graf (7), or Serena Williams (7)
What is the more common name for the buccal cavity?  Mouth
In what decade was the first laser printer commercially released?  1970s
The Schönbrunn and Belvedere imperial palaces are landmarks in what European capital city?  Vienna

Game 230926F
Game Date: Tuesday, September 26, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
From 1994 to 2010, Elton John regularly appeared in the hugely successful “Face to Face” concert series with what fellow piano-playing rock star?  Billy Joel
On August 18th, U.S. President Joe Biden hosted the Japanese Prime Minister and South Korean President at what presidential retreat in Maryland?  Camp David
A famous Led Zeppelin song was about a stairway to what place?  Heaven
What movie musical, starring John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John, was retitled Vaseline when it was released in Mexico?  Grease
What city hosted the first 2024 Republican presidential debate on Wednesday, August 23rd?  Milwaukee
The film Coming to America starred what lead actor in 1988?  Eddie Murphy
What Norwegian golfer won the FedEx Cup, and the $18 million that goes with it, on August 27th?  Viktor Hovland
Dolly Parton recently teamed up with Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr for a cover of what classic Beatles’ song?       Let It Be
Jack Reacher is played on screen by what actor?  Tom Cruise
In a video game of the same name, what color is Spyro the Dragon?  Purple




General Knowledge
What American frontiersman blazed the Wilderness Road through the Cumberland Gap in the 1770s?  Daniel Boone
Mercury, Venus, Earth, and Mars are known collectively as what type of planets?  Terrestrial
In genetics, what is the opposite of a dominant trait?  Recessive
Of appetizer, soup, or dessert, when you ask for spumoni at an Italian restaurant, what course are you ordering?  Dessert
What color card does a Permanent US resident hold?  Green
What name is given to a medical professional that specializes in the lower legs and feet?  Podiatrist
The Inca people lived on what major continent before the Spanish conquest?  South America
Tower Bridge and St Paul's Cathedral are landmarks in what city?  London
Light travels at its fastest when in a what?  Vacuum
The Dyerville Giant was a massive redwood tree located in what US state?  California
What is the name of the space - themed multiplayer whodunit released in 2018?  Among Us

Bonus Round
On June 21, 1764, the oldest surviving newspaper in North America was founded in what Canadian city?  Quebec City
What singer of the controversial song “Stand by your Man” also released the song “You Don’t Know the Half of It” in 1979?  Tammy Wynette 
What was the name of the sheep created by cloning on July 5, 1996?  Dolly
Theodore Maiman built the world's first functioning laser in 1960 while working in the research laboratories founded by what reclusive business magnate?  Howard Hughes
The flag of Argentina is white and what other color?  Blue
In 1994, Quaker Oats bought what fruit drink company, and took a loss of more than $1 billion after selling the company three years later?  Snapple
Within three years: what is the Guinness world record in years for the longest hiccupping spree ever recorded?                           68  (accept answers between 65 and 71)
Saxe-Coburg-Gotha is the former name of the Royal House of what country?  UK
Perodua is a car manufacturer from what country?  Malaysia
What is the surname of Death Eaters called Alecto and Amycus in the Harry Potter series?  Carrow

Game 230927F
Game Date: Wednesday, September 27, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Last month, the trailer was released for the upcoming film Maestro, starring Bradley Cooper as what famous composer/conductor?  Leonard Bernstein
What Republican presidential nominee was famously impersonated on Saturday Night Live by Norm MacDonald during the 1996 election?  Bob Dole
Barney is a big purple dinosaur with what color stomach?  Green
The D'Arcys were neighbors of Al and Peg Bundy on what Fox sitcom?  Married...with Children
What Mexican lager recently surpassed Bud Light to become America's best-selling beer?  Modelo Especial
The Office actor John Krasinski is married to what British-american actress?  Emily Blunt
What founder of the Russian paramilitary company The Wagner Group died in a plane crash on August 23rd?     Yevgeny Prigozhin
The band One Direction was formed by Simon Cowell on what UK television talent show?  The X Factor
In 1987, Bob Dylan took to the road for a six-show co-headlining tour with what Jerry Garcia-led rock band?             The Grateful Dead
Robin Williams voices which character in Disney’s animated version of Aladdin?  Genie




General Knowledge
What Queen of France was executed on October 16, 1793?  Marie Antoinette
What type of reptile can change its color?  Chameleon 
The design of what board game is based off the shape of a ship's wheel?  Trivial Pursuit
Blueskin and Nelson were the two horses ridden by what commander of the Continental Army during the American Revolution?  George Washington
A Carolina Reaper is what type of food?  (Chili) Pepper
Belfast is one of the biggest cities on what island?  (Northern) Ireland
What was the first name of Jackson, 7th US President?  Andrew
What was the name of the Plan to help Europe recover after WWII?  Marshall Plan
Superconductors offer no __________ to the flow of electricity?  Resistance
Tennessee Williams wrote about a streetcar with what unusual name?  Desire





What is the name of the male lead in the ballet La Sylphide?  James

Bonus Round
Tenochtitlan was the capital city of what major empire?  Aztec
Around 1720, what author began work on his novel Gulliver's Travels while living in Ireland?  Jonathan Swift
In 1739, a war began in part due to Spanish coast guards severing what body part from Welsh mariner Robert Jenkins?  His ear
The Faroe Islands are located half way between Norway and what other country?  Iceland 
Named after the Roman goddess of home and hearth, what is the brightest asteroid visible from Earth?  Vesta/4 Vesta
In 1923, Frederick Banting and John Macleod shared the Nobel Prize in Medicine for their discovery of what?  Insulin
The Sherpa Tenzing Norgay is honored at Tenzing-Hillary airport in Lukla in what mountainous country?  Nepal
Automaker Daimler-Benz took a $20 billion loss when it bought what American car company  in 1998, then sold it less than ten years later?  Chrysler
Borzoi is a breed of dog from what country?  Russia
What was the name of the IBM computer that beat Garry Kasparov at a game of chess?  Deep Blue

Game 230928F
Game Date: Thursday, September 28, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What superpower is DC’s hero The Flash known for?  Super Speed
“The Future Now Tour” was a 2016 co-headlining concert tour by Demi Lovato and which Jonas Brother?  Nick Jonas
What city announced last month that public access to its iconic sculpture nicknamed "The Bean" will be limited until spring 2024 due to construction?  Chicago
What famous actor is married to Calista Flockhart?  Harrison Ford
Prudence, Piper, Paige, and Phoebe are the sisters from what 90’s TV show?  Charmed
What Barbadian singer recently announced the birth of her second child with A$AP Rocky?  Rhianna
What British actor stars in Notting Hill, Love Actually, and Paddington 2?  Hugh Grant
On August 23rd, what became the fourth nation ever to land a spacecraft on the moon?  India
What 1981 musical by Andrew Lloyd Webber was released as a film starring James Corden in 2019?  Cats
Bob Barker passed away on August 26th, but he lived to the ripe old age of what?  99



General Knowledge
The most common type of Chitlins (also known as Chitterlings) are from the boiled intestines of what animal?  Pig
What future Founding Father of the United States published several letters in 1722 under the pen name "Mrs. Silence Dogood"?  Benjamin Franklin
What diet trend tries to replicate what Stone Age people ate?  Paleo (Paleolithic)
In 1778, what British explorer became the first European to make contact with the Hawaiian Islands?  James Cook
In 1875, Aristides became the first horse to ever win what race nicknamed "The Run for the Roses"?  Kentucky Derby
What name is given to the slopes ridden by skiers and snowboarders that are just starting out?  Bunny or Nursery
Bolsheviks were a revolutionary force in what country?  Russia
Beginning in 2021, who is the current starting quarterback for the New England Patriots?  Mac Jones
Peaquod is a ship in what famous, nautically centered novel?  Moby Dick
Most whisky pot-stills are made from what metal?  Copper
What is the first name of Wayne Rooney's wife?  Coleen

Bonus Round
Poet Pablo Neruda was from what South American country?  Chile
What was the name of the research vessel commanded by James Cook on his first voyage of discovery from 1768 to 1771?  HMS Endeavour
The main asteroid belt in our Solar System is located between the orbits of what two planets?  Mars and Jupiter
Spoiler alert: In the Harry Potter universe, what character ends up being the Half-Blood Prince?  Severus Snape
Lusitania was the Roman name for what European country?  Portugal
Name two of the three artists who are commonly referred to as the "Three Great Masters" of the High Renaissance.  Leonardo da Vinci, Michelangelo, or Raphael 
Unable to adapt its business, Nokia quickly went from being the worldwide leader in cell phones to last place. What country is Nokia based in?  Finland
What was the first name of famous explorer Magellan?  Ferdinand
Snow is the top-selling brand of beer in what country?  China 
Drugs called ACE inhibitors are designed to treat what condition?  Hypertension (high blood pressure)




Game 230929F
Game Date: Friday, September 29, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What British model and actress won 2 Golden Globe awards in 1972 for the film The Boy Friend?  Twiggy
On December 31, 1967, what daredevil attempted to leap the fountains at Caesars Palace on his motorcycle?         Evel Knievel
On the show F.R.I.E.N.D.S, what type of animal is Ross’ pet Marcel?  Monkey
At an auction last year, a buyer paid $2.4 million for a 1964 Aston Martin DB5 formerly owned by what late James Bond actor?  Sean Connery
Lisa Marie Presley married what movie star in 2002?  Nicholas Cage
Drew, Nick, Jeff, and Justin are members of what 90’s boy band?  98 Degrees
What nickname did Patrick Dempsey’s character often go by on Grey’s Anatomy?  McDreamy
The 2010 film The Social Network chronicles the creation of what social media platform?  Facebook
Ratatouille is a Pixar movie about what type of animal?  Rat
Recently, the University of Michigan announced that an illustration of Jupiter in its archives was a forgery and not, in fact, the work of what famous Italian astronomer?  Galileo

General Knowledge
A prune is what kind of fruit that has been dried?  Plum
In 1837, who invented the first commercially successful steel plow at his home in Grand Detour, Illinois?  John Deere
The ancient Egyptian god -- Ra -- was the god of what?  Sun
The New England Patriots, and what other NFL team, are tied at six with the most Super Bowl wins?               Pittsburgh Steelers
In what city would you find the CN Tower?  Toronto 
What are Igneous rocks made of?  Magma (Lava)
Other than January following December, what two months are the only two months to consecutively have exactly 31 days?  July and August
What word is used to describe swollen and enlarged veins?  Varicose
Who was the first golfer to successfully defend his Masters title by winning back-to-back titles in the 1960s?            Jack Nicklaus
Soda Bread is most closely associated with what country?  Ireland
Eddie Izzard voices what character in The Lego Batman Movie?  Voldemort

Bonus Round
Name the two letters in the game of Scrabble that have a value of two points.  Answer: D and G
The Scaphoid and Triquetral bones are in what part of the body?  Wrist
Dave Grohl teamed up with Josh Homme and John Paul Jones to form what hard rock band in 2009?  	       Them Crooked Vultures
In what month of the year is United Nations Day?  October 
How many teams in the National Hockey League are based in Canada?  7
Aksum is an ancient capital in what African country?  Ethiopia 
In poker, what nickname -- which refers to a real-life event -- is given to a hand where a player holds both black aces and both black eights?  Dead Man's Hand
Holden is a brand of cars from what country?  Australia
What television presenter won GQ's ‘Most Stylish Man of the Year’ in 2012?  Dermot O’Leary
The 1951 Exhibition of Industrial Power was held in what UK city?  Glasgow

Game 231001F
Game Date: Sunday, October 1st, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Angela Bassett won a Golden Globe in 1994 for playing what music icon?  Tina Turner
In 1998, what Disney Channel original movie starring Kimberly Brown and Debbie Reynolds released on October 17th? Halloweentown
Nick, A.J., Brian, Howie, and Kevin are members of what 90’s boy band?  Backstreet Boys
The 2001 drama Hearts in Atlantis, starring Anthony Hopkins, was based on a novel by what horror writer?       Stephen King
Who played the title character in the tv show Buffy the Vampire Slayer? Sarah Michelle Gellar
What field was Ken Jeong in before breaking into the entertainment industry as an actor and comedian?  Medical
Uma Thurman and John Travolta twisted to a Chuck Berry song in an iconic scene from what 1994 film?  Pulp Fiction
Netflix’s film Glass Onion was the sequel to what 2019 murder mystery?  Knives Out
In the comic strip Garfield, the title character is known for loving what food?  Lasagna 
Who is Justin Bieber’s famous father-in-law?  Stephen Baldwin


General Knowledge
Does the word ‘bone’ have a long or short vowel sound?  Long
The Vulcan 750, the EX500 Ninja, and the Z1 are all motorbikes created by what Japanese company?  Kawasaki
What name is given to a group of newborn animals, such as kittens?  Litter
The Mayflower set sail from what English port in 1620?  Plymouth
What MLB team has won the most World Series?  New York Yankees
A 'Bloody Mary' cocktail typically contains what kind of alcohol?  Vodka
What are the first ten amendments to the Constitution called?  The Bill of Rights
What does the Y in YMCA stand for?  Young  
What number did Michael Jordan wear for most of his career?  23
The Statue of Liberty was a gift from what country?  France
What actor voices Ken in Toy Story 3?  Michael Keaton 

Bonus Round
Which member of Radiohead received an Oscar nomination for his score for the film Phantom Thread?                Jonny Greenwood
In what U.S. state did the famous Scopes Monkey Trial take place?  Tennessee
On September 1, 1745, what future ruler of Russia married Peter I in Saint Petersburg?  Catherine the Great
In horse racing, what name is given to a bet in which the better must choose the first four finishers in the correct order?  Superfecta
In what year was Pluto reclassified as a dwarf planet?  2006
Nadir and Zurga are the main characters in what opera by Georges Bizet?  The Pearl Fishers 
Nosocomephobia is an intense fear of what buildings?  Hospitals 
In what country is the Daintree Rainforest located?  Australia
What was the first name of polar explorer Mr. Peary?  Robert
What Hollywood actor went viral after a video was posted of him making a Negroni cocktail?  Stanley Tucci

Game 231002F
Game Date: Monday, October 2, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events

Toto had a 1980’s hit named after what continent?  Africa
On August 29th, what singer became the first female artist in the history of Spotify to reach 100 million monthly listeners?  Taylor Swift
What legendary singer embarked on the Cheek to Cheek Tour with Lady Gaga in 2015?  Tony Bennett
Blac Chyna shares a child, Dream, with what famous reality TV personality?  Rob Kardashian
What iconic actor rode a horse named Dollor in the final films of his career, including Rooster Cogburn and The Shootist?  John Wayne
Upon being rejected by Decca Records in 1962, what rock band was told, "Groups are out; four-piece groups with guitars particularly are finished"?  The Beatles
What actress born "Norma Jeane Mortenson" reportedly once bathed in a bathtub filled with the contents of 350 champagne bottles?  Marilyn Monroe
What U.S. state was hit by a wildfire called the Tiger Island Fire last month?  Louisiana
Sean John clothing is produced by what rapper?  P. Diddy
What is the name of the famous 1990 Martin Scorsese gangster film?  Goodfellas




General Knowledge
What fruit was "of wrath" in the title of a John Steinbeck novel?  Grapes
Black leopards and jaguars are referred to by what name?  Panthers
Solve the problem: When Josh was 8, his brother was half his age. Now that Josh is 14, how old is his brother?  10  (Half of 8 is 4 making his brother 4 years younger)
Named after an English astronomer, and moving opposite to Earth’s motion around the sun, what comet’s orbit period is, on average, 76 years?  Halley's Comet
The word vernal relates to what season of the year?  Spring
From 1900 to 1920, the Summer Olympics hosted a team event in what sport involving two groups and a rope?        Tug of war
A Traditional American Cuban sandwich contains what vegetable topping?  Pickles
A Dermatologist is a medical professional focused on what part of the human body?  Skin
What Egyptian deity had the head of a jackal?  Anubis
What element is also known as quicksilver?  Mercury


What English football manager was crowned ‘King of the jungle’ in the 2018 season of I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!?  Harry Redknapp

Bonus Round
Anne of Denmark was crowned Queen of what other country in 1590?  Scotland
What physicist published his paper "Does the Inertia of a Body Depend Upon Its Energy Content?" during his so-called Annus mirabilis in 1905?  Albert Einstein
Throwing old plates and glasses at your friends' houses is a New Year tradition in what country?  Denmark
In 1993, who became the first woman to serve as Attorney General of the United States?  Janet Reno
In what decade did the country of Kyrgyzstan adopt its current flag?  1990s
Missionaries from what country founded the city of Los Angeles (California)?  Spain
What type of energy can't pass through an adiabatic wall?  Heat/Thermal
What city was the home of the first international Chess tournament?  London
What play, adapted from a novel by Yann Martel, made its world premiere on stage in 2019?  Life of Pi
The Victorian Gold Rush refers an area in what country?  Australia

Game 231003F
Game Date: Tuesday, October 3, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What cable news channel chose Mark Thompson for its new CEO last month to replace former chief exec Chris Licht?  CNN
The Watch the Throne Tour was a co-headlining concert tour in 2011 and 2012 by Jay-Z and what other rapper?  Kanye West
The film A League of Their Own is about what sport?  Baseball
From 1961 to 1966, a horse named Bamboo Harvester portrayed the title character - who could talk - on what sitcom?  Mister Ed
In the early 2000s, Blockbuster Video turned down numerous opportunities to buy or partner with what company, which ultimately drove Blockbuster out of business?  Netflix
“Where Do We Go From Here” is a new solo single from Agnetha Fältskog, who is best known for her time in what Swedish pop group?  ABBA
Lorraine Bracco played the psychiatrist Jennifer Melfi on what acclaimed HBO series?  The Sopranos
What artist had a hit with "This is America" in the spring of 2018?  Childish Gambino
Conservative activist Joseph Wurzelbacher passed away on August 27th at the age of 49—during the 2008 U.S. presidential election, he gained notoriety under what nickname?  Joe the Plumber
"Cowabunga" is a catchphrase popularized by what animated series beginning in 1987?  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles

General Knowledge
What does a wind vane measure?  Wind direction
Cervical vertebrae are on what area of the spine?  Neck
In 1985, geophysicist Joe Farman and meteorologists Brian Gardiner and Jon Shanklin, published their findings revealing a hole in what atmospheric layer around the planet's polar regions?  Ozone layer
What is the name of the polymer used to make music records?  Vinyl
Which of the 13 original colonies was located furthest south?  Georgia
What was Scrooge's first name in the famous book by Dickens?  Ebenezer
Despite the popularity of the Iditarod, what event has only appeared at the Winter Olympics as a demonstration sport, with its most recent appearance being in 1994?  Sled dog racing
Tex-Mex food often arrives with a side of rice and what?  Beans
What is the Russian word for an astronaut?  Cosmonaut
What is the world’s largest species of lizard?  Komodo Dragon
"Big Spender" is a song from what musical?  Sweet Charity

Bonus Round
Anosmia is the loss of which of the senses?  Smell
On February 12, 1947, a huge metal meteoroid weighing approximately 100,000 kg exploded over the remote Sikhote-Alin mountains in what country?  Russia
Potter Pot Pie and Harry Bailey Hero Sandwich are two recipes in a 1996 cookbook inspired by what classic American film?  It's a Wonderful Life
What is the national fruit of India, the Philippines, and Pakistan?  Mango
What U.S President passed the Homestead Act of 1862?  Abraham Lincoln
Vinho Verde is a wine from what country?  Portugal
What element takes its name from the Greek word meaning "color"?  Chromium
What actor voices the title character in the 2014 film Paddington?  Ben Whishaw
What is a fife?  Musical Instrument
A 1976 earthquake devastated Tangshan, a city in what country?  China




Game 231004F
Game Date: Wednesday, October 4, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
The Venice Film Festival recently hosted the world premiere of the new film Ferrari, starring what actor as automaker Enzo Ferrari?  Adam Driver
Which member of the Beatles hit the road in 1974 with sitarist Ravi Shankar for a 45-show North American tour?  George Harrison
"Suddenly, Seymour" and "Feed Me (Get It)" are songs from what musical?  Little Shop of Horrors
What 2003 sports film starred a horse named Popcorn Deelites as the title character?  Seabiscuit
Larry Page and Sergey Brin offered to sell what company to Excite for $750,000 in 1999, but were turned down?  Google
Stephen King’s character "It" appears primarily as what type of creepy creature?  Clown
On what British children's television series would you meet the characters Laa-Laa, Po, Dipsy, and Tinky Winky?  Teletubbies
What country's parliament recently elected Srettha Thavisin as prime minister?  Thailand
"D'Oh!" is the catchphrase of which Simpsons character?  Homer
On August 30th, a truck on a roadway outside Toronto accidentally spilled its cargo, releasing an estimated five million of what winged insects?  Bees





General Knowledge
What animal is usually the biggest and heaviest member of the great apes?  Gorilla
A hypochondriac worries constantly about what issue?  Illness 
What is a fandango?  Dance
In 1911, Ernest Rutherford discovered this feature of atoms, where almost all of their mass is located?  Nucleus
On May 2, 1939, what Yankees player was replaced in the line-up by Babe Dahlgren, ending a streak of 2,130 consecutive games played?  Lou Gehrig
There are three main types of rock: Igneous, Sedimentary, and __________.  Answer: Metamorphic
The Ribs in a McDonald's McRib sandwich are made from what meat?  Pork
Winston Churchill said a curtain of what metal divided capitalist and communist Europe?  Iron
A dry socket can occur after what is removed?  Tooth
What element's compounds often smell of rotten eggs?  Sulphur

What British actor, who starred in the 2015 film The Krays, also reads bedtime stories on Cbeebies?  Tom Hardy

Bonus Round
In what country were the Tiananmen Square protests in 1989?  China
Long-period comets in our Solar System are believed to form in what cloud of icy planetesimals named after a Dutch astronomer?  Oort cloud
In what decade did Jack the Ripper begin committing his murders in London?  1880s
HMS Coventry was attacked by ships from what country in a 1982 Atlantic conflict?  Argentina
What sport, sometimes called "Russian hockey”, was played as a demonstration sport at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo?  Bandy                    
What are the only two European countries that have a Mediterranean and Atlantic coastline?  France & Spain
When dating a picture, what two letters are used to mark an approximate year?  CA
What is the name for a geometric transformation that moves every point of a figure, shape, or space by the same distance in a given direction?  Translation
The Etruscan civilization was located in what modern day country?  Italy
What game's name is based on the Swahili word meaning "to build or to construct"?  Jenga

Game 231005F
Game Date: Thursday, October 5, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
In Star Trek, Spock is born from a human mother and a father of what heritage?  Vulcan
What band, led by Courtney Love, dropped out of its 1999 co-headlining tour with Marilyn Manson due to a highly publicized feud between Love and Manson?  Hole
In 2005, News Corporation bought what popular social networking site for $580 million, but mismanaged it and sold it in 2011 for just $35 million?  Myspace
What adjective precedes "Purple" in the name of a rock band?  Deep
What 2006 Broadway musical was based on a 1998 romantic comedy starring Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore?  The Wedding Singer
What Star Wars character played by Anthony Daniels was inducted into the Robot Hall of Fame in 2004?  C-3PO
A world record for attendance at a women’s sporting event was set on August 30th when 92,003 people in Nebraska attended an outdoor match in what sport?  Volleyball
What is the name of the daughter that Katie Holmes and Tom Cruise share?  Suri
What 80’s show was about a military team court-martialed for a crime they didn't commit?  The A-Team
What festival, held annually at Black Rock City in Nevada, kicked off its 2023 edition on August 27th, only to be hit by severe flooding later in the week?  Burning Man


General Knowledge
What is "White Fang" in the title of the book of the same name?  Wolf
What word describes water that falls from the atmosphere to the ground in any form?  Precipitation
From 1969 to 1986, what British monarch rode a horse named Burmese for the annual Trooping the Colour ceremonial event in London?  Queen Elizabeth II
What major organ would you find in the cranial cavity?  Brain
What activity means creating harmony through where you place items in your home?  Feng Shui
What breed of dog is also known as a "Sausage Dog"?  Dachshund
Among the demonstration events at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul was the ten-pin version of what popular sport?  Bowling
What type of fruit usually garnishes a traditional margarita?  Lime
Toucan Sam is the mascot of what popular cereal?  Fruit Loops
What term refers to seeds starting to grow?  Germination

What is the first name of the actress who won 2020's I'm a Celebrity… Get Me Out Of Here?  Giovanna

Bonus Round
Maple syrup is classed into one of how many color grades?  Four
Civil rights leader Cesar Chavez was from what U.S state?  Arizona
In the Bible, who was the brother of Cain and Abel?  Seth
What dwarf planet in Neptune's orbit is also considered the largest object in our Solar System’s asteroid belt (located between Mars and Jupiter)?  Ceres
In 1946, Willard Libby proposed an innovative method for dating organic materials by measuring their content of what radioactive isotope?  Carbon-14
Who wrote the play Waiting for Godot, which premiered in 1953?  Samuel Beckett
What is the only U.S. state to have an official royal residence in it?  Hawaii
What British singer published a 2016 autobiography called Not Dead Yet?  Phil Collins
Who was U.S President between 1881 to 1885?  Chester A. Arthur
Fill-in-the-blank on this historic Italian crown: The __________ Crown of Lombardy.  Answer: Iron

Game 231006F
Game Date: Friday, October 6, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
In addition to his successful movie career, actor Jack Black is a member of what comedy rock duo along with Kyle Gass?  Tenacious D
What is the full name of the Looney Tunes character known as Taz?  Tasmanian Devil
What 1987 film features the line, "Life is pain, Highness. Anyone who says differently is selling something"?              The Princess Bride
The song “Hurt”, written by Trent Reznor of Nine Inch Nails, was recorded and released by what country music legend in 2002?  Johnny Cash
What actress plays Meryl Streep's daughter in the movie musical Mamma Mia!?  Amanda Seyfried
Michael Jackson was briefly married to Lisa Marie, daughter of what famous rock and roll icon?  Elvis Presley
The Halloween movie franchise features what frightening killer? Michael Myers
Though she passed away at the age of 12, Heather O'Rourke is fondly remembered for her role in what 1982 horror classic; produced by Steven Spielberg?  Poltergeist
Oliver, in the Disney animated movie Oliver and Company, is what kind of animal?  Cat
Last year, Elton John released his single “Hold Me Closer”, a duet with what legendary pop star?  Britney Spears

General Knowledge
What beverage brand features the slogan "Cold. Hard. Refreshing" on its labels?  Mike’s (Hard Lemonade)
Approximately 25 million Americans suffer from what painful type of headaches; from the Greek Hemicrania, meaning "half skull"?  Migraine
What team NEARLY matched the Dolphins' "perfect season" (winning every regular season and playoff game) only to lose to the Giants in Super Bowl XLII?  New England Patriots
What is the general term for the type of waves released by an earthquake?  Seismic Waves
What liquor, made by fermenting and then distilling sugarcane molasses, is the official drink of Jamaica?  Rum
In Texas Hold 'Em, the first three community cards turned over are known as the "flop".  What is the next community card called?  The turn aka fourth street
What was the surname of Karl, the German communist philosopher?  Marx
The plaster used to keep broken bones still is named after what European city?  Paris
Who was the fourth President of the United States?  James Madison
The location of objects by reflected sound, in particular when used by animals such as dolphins and bats, is known as what?  Echolocation

What movie classic with Charlton Heston won a record 11 Academy Awards?  Ben-Hur

Bonus Round
Despite headlines to the contrary, what New York governor lost the 1948 Presidential election to incumbent Harry Truman?  Thomas A. Dewey
Galatea, Thalassa, and Proteus are moons of which planet?  Neptune
What is the name of the team that has lost more than 16,000 games to the Harlem Globetrotters?               Washington Generals
Repeating the initial sound in a series of words is what writing technique?  Alliteration
Puppets and puppeteers are used to bring the characters of Joey and Topthorn to life in what 2011 Tony-winning play, adapted into a Steven Spielberg film?  War Horse
Gastropods are a subset of what animal phylum?  Mollusca
Wethersfield was the first permanent European settlement in what U.S state?  Connecticut
What is the motto of the British Special Forces regiment SAS?  Who Dares Win
What film won ‘Best Picture’ at the 2012 Oscars?  The Artist
Medics use a coma scale named after which UK city?  Glasgow

Game 231008F
Game Date: Sunday, October 8, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who played the part of Dr. Jason Seaver, Mike Seaver’s dad, on the 1980s and 90s show Growing Pains?              Alan Thicke
Faheem Rashad Najm is the real name of what American rapper-producer?  T-Pain
In 1997, Heather Graham became an overnight sensation with her performance as ‘Rollergirl’ in what Oscar-nominated flick?  Boogie Nights
What singer-songwriter won ‘Video of the Year’ at the 2023 MTV VMAs for Anti-Hero?  Taylor Swift
At a car auction last year, a buyer paid over $850,000 for a Ford Escort driven in the late 1980s by what late Princess of Wales?  Princess Diana
Renee Zellweger won her first Golden Globe for ‘Best Actress in a Motion Picture Comedy or Musical’ for what 2000 film?  Nurse Betty
What superhero does Chris Hemsworth portray in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?  Thor
"Some people are worth melting for" is a line from what Disney movie?  Frozen
Mila Kunis married what actor in 2015?  Ashton Kutcher
What World War 2 film features Andrew Garfield as combat medic Desmond Doss? Hacksaw Ridge

General Knowledge
What is the largest sporting goods retailer in the United States?  Dick's Sporting Goods
In ancient Greece, which of the following two philosophers was the teacher; Plato or Aristotle?  Plato
How many pints are in one gallon?  8
Pistil, carpel, and stigma are all parts of what?  A Flower
The disease once known as "consumption" is now more commonly referred to by what name? Tuberculosis (TB)
What type of bird is a universal symbol of peace?  Dove 
What MLB pitcher, who holds the record for career wins, also holds the record for career losses?  Cy Young
What clear distilled alcoholic beverage, made using cereal grains or potatoes, is traditionally recognized as Russia's national drink?  Vodka
What “league” describes the top Universities in the U.S?  Ivy
How many green pockets can be found on a European Roulette wheel?  1 
What country was also the name of a 1984 hit for Van Halen?  Panama

Bonus Round
What Vermont-set sitcom holds the dubious record of being nominated for 25 Emmy Awards, while it ended up winning none?  Newhart 
Alpha, Snow Crown, and Nevada are varieties of what vegetable?  Cauliflower
What island was occupied by the Knights of St. John from 1530 to 1798?  Malta
What was the cost of a first-class stamp in the U.S in 1960?  0.04 cents
Who directed the 1999 movie All About My Mother?  Pedro Almodóvar
The Guzmania Lingulata is commonly known as what color star?  Scarlet
The Trillemarka-Rollagsfjell Forest is located in what country?  Norway
What poet drowned while sailing off the coast of Italy in 1822?  (Percy Bysshe) Shelley
What term means a society ruled by the most wealthy?  Plutocracy
The Al Pastor Tacos Spit Grilling method was introduced in Mexico by immigrants from what country?  Lebanon

Game 231009F
Game Date: Monday, October 9, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Last month, two construction workers in China were detained after using an excavator to carve a hole through what ancient landmark?  Great Wall of China
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle moved to what US state in 2020?  California 
A group of oil drillers are hired by NASA to destroy an incoming asteroid in what 1998 film starring Bruce Willis?  Armageddon
Matthew Perry played what character in the hit TV series F.R.I.E.N.D.S?  Chandler
Jimmy Fallon apologized to The Tonight Show staff after a story in what magazine was recently published citing a difficult work environment on the show?  Rolling Stone
Most of the action in the film Crocodile Dundee takes place in what country?  Australia
Last month, Joe Jonas filed for divorce from what Game of Thrones actress?  Sophie Turner
Tobey Maguire, Andrew Garfield, and what other actor have played Spider-Man in live-action feature films in the 21st century?  Tom Holland
John Belushi and Dan Aykroyd starred as what Brothers?  Blues (Jake & Elwood)
Mojo Jojo is the villain from what Cartoon Network series?  The Powerpuff Girls



General Knowledge
What inventor received a patent for the cotton gin on March 14, 1794?  Eli Whitney
The coats of arms of Venice, Genoa, Pisa, and Amalfi are depicted within the coat of arms of what country's navy?  Italy
What is the medical name for the surgery in which the appendix is removed?  Appendectomy 
Salsa Verde is made with what vegetable instead of a traditional Tomato?  Tomatillo
What are you interested in if you study calligraphy?  Handwriting
Imhotep was an ancient leader of what civilization?  Egypt
Besides oxygen and nitrogen, what gas is often found in scuba tanks?  Helium
The Périphérique (or Périph) is the ring road around what major European city?  Paris
Cerberus, a gigantic three-headed hound, is said to guard the gates to where?  Hades
What Mediterranean bread can be made into pockets?  Pita

Rita Ora and Liam Payne released the title track “For You” for what 2018 movie?  Fifty Shades Free

Bonus Round
In musical notation, what is the opposite of legato?  Staccato
Coca-Cola's launch of "New Coke" in 1985 is seen as one of the biggest marketing blunders of all time. What name was New Coke rebranded to before its eventual removal?  Coke II
What English computer scientist is credited with inventing the World Wide Web in 1989?  Tim Berners-Lee
In 1949, what horse put its hoof prints into wet cement at Grauman's Chinese Theatre alongside cowboy star Roy Rogers?  Trigger
From 1912 to 1948, the Summer Olympics awarded medals for sports-inspired works in architecture, literature, painting, sculpture, and what fifth artistic discipline?  Music
If bovine is used for cows, and equine relates to horses, the word Ursine relates to what animals?  Bears
At the age of 21, Frances Dolsom became the youngest First Lady when she married what US President?          Grover Cleveland
Who were people "waiting for" in the title of the 1953 Beckett play?  Godot
Acre is a historic walled city in what modern country?  Israel
Who was born Stevland Hardaway Judkins in May of 1950?  Stevie Wonder


Game 231010F
Game Date: Tuesday, October 10, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What tour was the first co-headlining concert tour by married country music couple, Faith Hill and Tim McGraw? The Soul2Soul 2000 Tour
In Disney’s animated film The Lion King what is the name of Mufasa’s brother?  Scar
Matt LeBlanc played what character in the hit TV series F.R.I.E.N.D.S?  Joey
In the mid-1990s, what book was rejected by over a dozen publishers... yet eventually launched a franchise worth more than $20 billion?  Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone (aka Philosopher's Stone)
Dead Man's Chest was a movie in what series of films?  Pirates of the Caribbean
What team defeated the Kansas City Chiefs on Thursday, September 7, to win the opening game of the 2023 NFL season?  Detroit Lions
Tobey Maguire, Tom Holland, and what other actor have played Spider-Man in live-action feature films in the 21st century?  Andrew Garfield 
TV series Family Guy is set in what US state?  Rhode Island
Starring Jennifer Aniston and Owen Wilson, what type of dog is Marley in the film Marley & Me?                       Labrador Retriever (aka Lab)
Singer Steve Harwell passed away on September 4, 2023, at the age of 56—he was best known as the lead singer of what "All Star" rock band?  Smash Mouth



General Knowledge
What cape in Florida is home to Kennedy Space Center?  Cape Canaveral
What country's Western Naval Command is headquartered in the city of Mumbai?  India
Zn is the symbol for what chemical element?  Zinc
A baked potato with bacon, cheese, sour cream, and sometimes more toppings, is described as what? Loaded
What state of matter has a definite volume but takes the shape of its container?  Liquid
A bypass is a common operation to deal with a blockage affecting what organ?  Heart
What US President and military officer was nicknamed Ike?  Dwight D. Eisenhower
What European landmark stands on the river side of the garden Champ de Mars?  Eiffel Tower
Paratha, papadum, and pita are all varieties of what type of food?  Bread
Rich Uncle Pennybags is a character associated with what board game?  Monopoly



The 1977 film Smokey and the Bandit starred what actor as Bandit?  Burt Reynolds

Bonus Round
In 1829, who appointed Martin Van Buren as his Secretary of State?  Andrew Jackson
Lawrencium was first made in a science lab in what University in 1961?  Berkeley
A group of people are carried away by a comet after it makes contact with Earth in Off on a Comet, an 1877 novel by what French writer?  Jules Verne
Who was the last British monarch from the House of Hanover?  Queen Victoria
What vegetable would you use to make sauce Lyonnaise?  Onion
According to legend, what Roman emperor attempted to appoint his favorite horse, Incitatus, as a consul in the Roman senate?  Caligula
Briefly retaking the mantle of most expensive living artist, who sculpted Rabbit, a work which sold at auction for $91 million in 2019?  Jeff Koons
What city hosted the 1932 Summer Olympics, which included American football as a demonstration sport?               Los Angeles
What Shakespeare play inspired the musical Kiss Me, Kate?  The Taming of the Shrew
In what year did the Mars Exploration Rovers, Spirt and Opportunity, reach the red planet?  2004



Game 231011F
Game Date: Wednesday, October 11, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Where was the US Live Aid concert held in 1985?  Philadelphia
Terry Ellis, Dawn Robinson, Cindy Herron, and Maxine Jones were all members of what girl group?  En Vogue
Who won an Oscar for ‘Best Actress’ for her portrayal of Judy Garland in a 2019 film?  Renee Zellweger
What was the surname of the brothers in the Bee Gees?  Gibbs
Angel was a spin-off from what other TV series?  Buffy the Vampire Slayer
In 2001, what country music icon starred as Annie Oakley in the Broadway revival of Annie Get Your Gun?             Reba McEntire
What second most populous city in the United Kingdom effectively declared bankruptcy on September 5th?  Birmingham
What singer-songwriter and leader of the E Street Band had postponed the remainder of his September dates due to peptic ulcer disease?  Bruce Springsteen
Lisa Kudrow played what character in the hit TV series F.R.I.E.N.D.S?  Phoebe
Eustace and Muriel were the owners of what easily-frightened Cartoon Network dog?  Courage






General Knowledge
What spirit is added to tomato juice to make a Bloody Mary?  Vodka
Medically, the word suture is often used synonymously with what?  Stitches
Fill-in-the-blank with a color: The first Sherlock Holmes novel - Study in ____________.  Answer: Scarlett
What NFC team did Drew Brees quarterback when they won the Super Bowl in the 2009 season?                            New Orleans Saints
What term describes water naturally held in rock and soil?  Groundwater
A human pregnancy is considered FULL term after how many weeks?  39 weeks
Great Britain defeated France by 158 runs at the 1900 Summer Olympics to win the gold medal in what sport?  Cricket
Founded in 1970, Bavarian Forest National Park was the first national park in what European country?  Germany
Tying up meat or poultry before cooking is known as what?  Trussing
Pairs of colors which create maximum contrast have what name; they are also found opposite one another on a color wheel?  Complimentary

An Old Raincoat Won't Ever Let You Down was the debut album by what artist?  Rod Stewart

Bonus Round
In 1974, researchers in Ethiopia discovered a 3.2 million-year-old fossil of a female hominid and gave it what Beatles-inspired name?  Lucy
What team won the 1950 FIFA World Cup?  Urugauy
The Ulysses S. Grant Memorial in Washington, D.C. depicts Grant atop his favorite horse, who shared a name with what US city?  Cincinnati
Didgeridoo is an instrument from what country?  Australia
In what decade were motorized movie cameras introduced, replacing hand-cranked cameras?  1910s
What Speaker of the House was ‘Time's Man of the Year’ in 1995?  Newt Gingrich
Also known as the "Soup of Freedom", soup joumou is a popular dish in what Caribbean country whose capital is Port-au-Prince?  Haiti
What country's navy — established by King Gustav I in 1522 — celebrated its 500th anniversary in 2022?  Sweden
Frenchman Henri de Tonty is known as the "Father" of what state?  Arkansas
Who wrote the play The Crucible which premiered in 1953?  Arthur Miller


Game 231012F
Game Date: Thursday, October 12, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What actress/entrepreneur recently sold her Draper James fashion brand to a private equity group?                      Reese Witherspoon
Made in the AM was the last studio album by what group, before they split in 2015?  One Direction
Phil and Lil were the names of the twins in what animated Nickelodeon series?  Rugrats
Jennifer Aniston played what character in the hit TV series F.R.I.E.N.D.S?  Rachel
“Beat It” and “Billie Jean” were two of the hit singles from what 1982 Michael Jackson album?  Thriller
What Italian city, known for its canals and waterways, recently announced a 5-euro entrance fee for those visiting the city on peak days but not staying overnight?  Venice
Andrew Garfield, Tom Holland, and what other actor have played Spider-Man in live-action feature films in the 21st century?  Tobey Maguire 
In the remake of Space Jam, what basketball player starred in the film?  LeBron James
Piano Man was the greatest hits album of what artist?  Billy Joel
Tharman Shanmugaratnam was recently elected president of what island country in Southeast Asia?  Singapore




General Knowledge
In Spain and Latin American countries, what name is given to a milky drink made from ground almonds, tiger nuts, or rice  Horchata
A marsupial called a "Devil" is named after what part of Australia?  Tasmania
What term is given to a mixture of chemical elements, when one of them is a metal?  Alloy
A Heliocentric theory puts what celestial body at the center of the solar system?  The Sun
The military patrol event was eventually removed from the Winter Olympics and replaced with what sport combining cross-country skiing and rifle shooting?  Biathlon
What famous typeface was originally designed by Stanley Morison for use in the British newspaper The Times, beginning in 1931?  Times New Roman
A way of storing video is on what color Ray Disc?  Blue 
Honshu is one of the islands making up what country?  Japan
What state of matter takes up the volume AND shape of its container?  Gas
Henry Ford founded his motor company in what US state in 1903?  Michigan
Music of the Sun was the first album by what artist?  Rihanna

Bonus Round
In 1997, members of the Heaven's Gate cult committed mass suicide thinking their spirits would be transferred to a spaceship traveling behind what comet?  Hale-Bopp
In what year did Cartoon Network debut?  1992
What Canadian band teamed up with Alanis Morissette for the Au Naturale Tour in 2004?  Bare Naked Ladies
In 1815, Napoleon lost his beloved horse Marengo when it was captured by enemy forces at what famous battle?  Waterloo
The spotted Coccinellidae family of creatures is commonly referred to as what?  Lady Bugs
What First Lady of the Philippines famously left behind thousands of pairs of shoes after fleeing Malacañang Palace in 1986?  Imelda Marcos
"I risk being assaulted from all sides if you put one foot back in Russia" wrote what Russian empress to her secret lover in a 1762 letter?  Catherine the Great (Catherine II)
Commissioned in 2001, the flagship vessel of the French Navy is named after what former French president and general?  Charles de Gaulle
Who was British Prime Minister through the 1950s Suez Crisis?  Anthony Eden
In what month of 1963 did Martin Luther King deliver his "I have a dream" speech?  August



Game 231013F
Game Date: Friday, October 13, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
At the age of 15, Canadian actress Heather Menzies played Louisa von Trapp in what enduring movie musical?                 The Sound of Music
Charlie Brown wears a shirt of what color?  Yellow
What running back retired before the end of the '66 season to star in the movie The Dirty Dozen?  Jim Brown
What is the name of the current Prime Minister of the United Kingdom? Rishi Sunak
What actor posthumously won an Emmy last year for ‘Outstanding Character Voice-Over Performance’ for voicing Lord T'Challa in a Disney+ series?  Chadwick Boseman
Colin Firth and what other actor played Renee Zellweger’s ‘love’ interests in the movie Bridget Jones’ Baby? Hugh Grant
Pauly D, Jwoww, and Snooki appear in what reality T.V show?  Jersey Shore
Mrs. Doubtfire starred what late actor as a man wanting to spend more time with his kids?  Robin Williams 
"Rehab" was a song by what English artist?  Amy Winehouse 
Al Bundy is a character in what 80’s comedy television series?  Married with Children

General Knowledge
In 2004, biographer William Taubman won a Pulitzer Prize for his book about what Soviet leader who took power in 1953?  Nikita Khrushchev
What is the Jewish traditional dish of lox?  Salmon
Tourmaline and what are the birthstones for October?  Opal
How many years of bad luck is said to come from breaking a mirror?  7 years
Though they didn’t make it to the World Series, what Major League Baseball team won a record-tying 116 games in 2001? Seattle Mariners
The Age of Reason -- an intellectual and philosophical movement that dominated the world of ideas in Europe -- is also known as the Age of what?  Enlightenment
What is the UK's oldest university?  Oxford
What is the ninth, and most sacred month, of the Islamic calendar?  Ramadan
Also called a Polliwog, what is the most common term for the larval stage of a frog?  Tadpole
What goaltender holds the record for most wins in NHL history with 691?  Martin Brodeur 
Sunnydale High is featured in what T.V show?  Buffy the Vampire Slayer

Bonus Round
In 2019, Kim Jong Un designated what as the official national beverage of North Korea?  Pyongyang Soju 
The name of a popular coffee chain, Starbucks was inspired by what novel?  Moby Dick
What does a speleologist explore?  Caves
In 1921, who became the first woman to win the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction for her novel, The Age of Innocence?      Edith Wharton
What transition metal has the chemical symbol Sg and the atomic number 106?  Seaborgium
“The Three Stars” is the national ice-hockey team of what country?  Sweden
Pizza Hut was founded in what U.S state?  Kansas
What does the S stand for in Winston S. Churchill?  Spencer
What city is known as the “Glass Capital of the World”?  Toledo
What temperature gauge was invented by Evangelista Torricelli?  Barometer



Game 231015F
Game Date: Sunday, October 15, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What country recently tried to rejoin the United Nations Human Rights Council, 15 months after being ejected?  Russia
The Federal Trade Commission and 17 states sued what corporation, saying conduct in its online store illegally stifled competition?  Amazon
Though it's probably no longer on his resume, what Oscar-winning actor played "Easy Reader" on the children's television show The Electric Company?  Morgan Freeman
Singer Tim McGraw is married to what other artist?  Faith Hill
When Hello Kitty was originally created, what color was her bow?  Red
What Marvel actor was performing in the lead role of the Broadway hit The Music Man until January 15th, 2023?           Hugh Jackman
Paul McCartney, Brian May, and Chrissie Hynde were among the rock stars who performed at a tribute concert in London last month; honoring Taylor Hawkins, the late drummer of what band?  Foo Fighters
What Harry Potter family lived in a house called ‘The Burrow’?  The Weasleys
Rapper Eazy-E first gained fame in the 1980s as a member of what group?  N.W.A.
Robbie Hart, the ‘Wedding Singer’, is played by what actor?  Adam Sandler

General Knowledge
Species of what bird of prey include the kestrel, the hobby, and the peregrine, not to mention the "Millennium”?  Falcon
What color is Mexican Salsa Verde?  Green
What NBA legend holds the record for most points scored in a career with 38,387?  Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
Joan of Arc is also known as the Maid of what French city?  Orléans
What term is used for a cooking technique that involves heating food submerged in liquid, such as water, stock, or wine? Poaching
Pulmonary refers to what part of the body?  Lungs
NASA's headquarters is located where in the United States?  Washington, D.C.
Knocking on what material is an old tradition thought to help avoid bad luck?  Wood
The Madden video game franchise is named after Hall of Fame coach, John Madden, who coached what team from 1969-1978? Oakland Raiders (now in Las Vegas)
Kia cars are made in what country?  South Korea

What group's first album was 1963's Please Please Me?  The Beatles

Bonus Round
Though she has since retired from acting, Heather Thomas shot to fame in what T.V series about Hollywood stunt performers?  The Fall Guy
Sabena was previously the national airline of what European country?  Belgium
Orphism is a branch of which other art movement?  Cubism
What does the "B" stand for in "LLB", a non-alcoholic cocktail recognized in recent years as Australia's national drink?  Bitters
Put the following three geological eras in order, from first to most recent: Cenozoic, Mesozoic, and Paleozoic.   Answer: Paleozoic, Mesozoic, and Cenozoic
Though it has since branched out, Easy Off was invented in 1932 for the specific task of cleaning what?  Ovens
What does the abbreviation G.M.T. stand for?  Greenwich Mean Time
Jordan Baker, Myrtle Wilson, and Meyer Wolfsheim are characters in what American novel?  The Great Gatbsy
Mischa, the mascot for the 1980 Olympics, was what type of creature?  Bear
What country broke off ties with Cuba in 2002 after Fidel Castro announced it as a "U.S. Lackey"?  Uruguay

Game 231016F
Game Date: Monday, October 16, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
The 1990 film Days of Thunder, starring Tom Cruise as Cole Trickle, is about what sport?  NASCAR (racing)
American television sitcom Diff'rent Strokes was set in what US city?  New York City
What labor union began a strike against the Big Three automakers in the United States on September 15th?        United Auto Workers / UAW
"Desperado" was a hit song for what animal-named 70’s group?  Eagles
What cartoon character serves as the official mascot for Warner Bros Entertainment?  Bugs Bunny
What Marvel Cinematic Universe actor reportedly wed actress Alba Baptista in a private ceremony on Cape Cod recently?  Chris Evans
One of the most popular TV artifacts at the Smithsonian is the favorite chair of what All in the Family character?   Archie Bunker
Melissa McCarthy is related to TV host Jenny McCarthy in what way?  Cousin
In the film The Greatest Showman, PT Barnum is played by what actor?  Hugh Jackman
What rock band recently reunited in Toronto for a 40th anniversary screening of their concert film Stop Making Sense?  Talking Heads




General Knowledge
What country would you visit to kiss the Blarney Stone?  Ireland
What U.S. Supreme Court justice's life story is recounted in the best-selling 2015 book Notorious RBG?                  Ruth Bader Ginsburg
An opera piece designed to be sung by two performers has what name?  Duet
Who appears on the US $100 bill?  Benjamin Franklin
What is the capital of Nebraska?  Lincoln
The opposite of thrust, what is the aerodynamic force that opposes an aircraft's motion through the air?  Drag
What US psychologist and philosopher developed the Hierarchy of Needs, shown as a pyramid?  Maslow
Chemicals secreted by Endocrine glands are known as what?  Hormones
What team owns the longest winning streak in NBA history?  Los Angeles Lakers
Avian flu is also known as what type of flu?  Bird Flu


"Edelweiss" is a song from what movie musical?  Sound of Music


Bonus Round
What American singer's birth name was Eunice Wayman?  Nina Simone
King Haile Selassie was a 20th century leader of what country?  Ethiopia
Russwood Park, a venue for which sport, was destroyed by fire in 1960?  Baseball
The Da Vinci masterpiece Mona Lisa was first exhibited in the US in what city in 1963?  Washington, D.C.
What American variant of croquet made its only Olympic appearance at the summer games in 1904?  Roque
"Wir. Dienen. Deutschland." is the motto of what country's navy?  Germany
What Serbian-American inventor received a U.S. patent for the electric transmission of power in May of 1888?     Nikola Tesla
How many moons does the planet Mars have: A) 0  B) 2  C) 19  D) 28?  Answer: B) 2
Broc is an Old English word for what mammal, which is the largest land predator in the United Kingdom?  Badger
The first Grammy Awards were held in what decade?  1950s



Game 231017F
Game Date: Tuesday, October 17, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
The 1991 film Boyz in the Hood is set in what US city?  Los Angeles
Called a love letter to their fans, what boy band recently reunited to record “Better Place”, its first single in 20 years?  NSYNC
"Danger Zone" was a hit song from what Tom Cruise movie?  Top Gun
What singer’s 1998 song contains the following lyrics: “I can feel something inside me say, I really don’t think you’re strong enough, no…”?  Cher
What Netflix animated series, created by Matt Groening, features Abbi Jacobson as the voice of Princess Bean?  Disenchantment
The 1965 film The Sound of Music was filmed in what European country?  Austria
"There's Nothing Holdin' Me Back" was a 2017 hit for what artist?  Shawn Mendes
The Dominican Republic shut down the borders with which neighboring country on September 15th, due to a dispute over a canal?  Haiti
Brian, Dennis and Carl Wilson, along with Mike Love, and Al Jardine made up what musical group?  Beach Boys
What vegetable does Popeye utilize as a last-minute source of strength?  Spinach



General Knowledge
An inactive substance given in place of a drug is known as a what?  Placebo
What is the capital of Montana?  Helena
Bongo, snare, and djembe are varieties of what instrument?  Drums
Hydroelectricity is electric power achieved by harnessing the kinetic energy of what?  Water
"Down Under" is a nickname for what two countries?  Australia & New Zealand
"Have it your way" was the slogan of what fast food brand?  Burger King
Alzheimer's disease is the most common form of what condition?  Dementia
Calabria is the southern peninsula of what European country?  Italy
Meaning “health”, what German word is used after someone sneezes?  Gesundheit
What American president had the first names John Fitzgerald?  John F. Kennedy
 "Exhale (Shoop Shoop)" was a hit song for what singer?  Whitney Houston

Bonus Round
Angora yarn and fabric is produced from the soft, thick coats of what animal?  Rabbits
What game, divided into periods called "chukkas”, was part of the Summer Olympics from 1900 to 1936?  Polo
In what month of 1969 did Neil Armstrong first set foot on the moon?  July
What South American country is home to the second largest navy in the Americas (trailing only the U.S. Navy)?  Brazil
Named after a French physicist, what law of physics calculates the amount of force between two electrically charged particles at rest?  Coulomb's law
How many moons does the planet Uranus have?: A) 3  B) 9  C) 16  D) 27  Answer: D) 27
In October 1966, NATO moved its headquarters from Paris to what other city?  Brussels
Apoplexy is the outdated term for what medical event?  Stroke
Clarence Birdseye is best known for developing what method of food preservation?  Freezing
In what decade was the Ken doll first introduced by Mattel?  1960s




Game 231018F
Game Date: Wednesday, October 18, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
The Netflix show Money Heist is filmed in what language?  Spanish
Rachel Berry and Will Schuester were characters in what musical TV series?  Glee
Beginning in 2005, several fragrances with "Fantasy" in the branding have been launched by what singer?          Britney Spears
Singer Halsey takes her name from a station in what US city?  New York
What is the name of the snowman created by Anna and Elsa in Disney’s Frozen?  Olaf
In the beginning of September, American explorer Mark Dickey was rescued from a cave in what country?  Turkey
The 1999 film Any Given Sunday is about what sport?  Football
”I Don't Want to Miss a Thing" was a rock ballad hit for what group?  Aerosmith
What country won gold at the 2023 FIBA Basketball World Cup last month?  Germany
Who won ‘Video of the Year’ at the 2023 MTV Video Music Awards last month for her song “Anti-Hero”?  Taylor Swift



General Knowledge
Where on a whale would you find the flukes?  Tail
Affectionately known as the Chunnel, an underwater tunnel for trains and cars was opened in 1994, connecting England to what other country?  France
In 1986, an armada of five space probes was used to track what famous comet's journey through the Solar System?  Halley's Comet
In The New York Times, the easiest crossword puzzle of the week is usually published on what weekday?  Monday
Electric potential is traditionally measured in what unit named after an Italian physicist?  Volt (Alessandro Volta)
What rabbit was the title of a Margery Williams novel?  Velveteen
Marble is formed by the metamorphosis of what sedimentary rock?  Limestone
Descartes and Nietzsche are famous in what field?  Philosophy
How many sides does a Pentagon have?  Five
Pimento Cheese spread is made using what type of cheese?  Cheddar




"As Time Goes By" is a song from what famous movie?  Casablanca

Bonus Round
Due to its need to protect the coastlines of the Mediterranean Sea and the Red Sea, what country's navy is the largest in Africa?  Egypt
Before being elected President of the United States, George W. Bush was co-owner of what MLB franchise?        Texas Rangers
What iconic Disney character made his debut in the 1934 Silly Symphony cartoon The Wise Little Hen?  Donald Duck
How many moons does the planet Mercury have: A) 2  B) 13  C) 0  D) 5?  Answer: C) 0
The first branch of what fast food chain opened in Miami, Florida in 1954?  Burger King
Actor Tom Hanks won back-to-back ‘Best Actor’ Oscars for what two films?  Philadelphia & Forrest Gump
Riots broke out at the Democratic National Convention in 1968 in what US city?  Chicago
On June 1, 2008, what iconic fashion designer passed away?  Yves Saint Laurent 
During Bill Clinton’s presidency, what codename did the Secret Service give to his half-brother Roger Clinton, due to his reckless behavior?  Headache
Despite earlier success, the airline Pan Am went bankrupt in what decade?  1990s








Game 231019F
Game Date: Thursday, October 19, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What 2014 live-action retelling of Sleeping Beauty portrays the story from the antagonist’s perspective?  Maleficent
The TV series Golden Girls is about older women sharing a house in what US city?  Miami
The 1988 film Gorillas in the Mist stars what actor as Dian Fossey?  Sigourney Weaver
What company, best known for such snacks as Twinkies and HoHos, was recently acquired by The J.M. Smucker Company for $5.6 billion?  Hostess
Guetta Blaster is a 2004 album by what DJ and producer?  David Guetta
"Happy" is a Pharrell Williams song from what animated movie series?  Despicable Me
“Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy? / Caught in a landslide, no escape from reality” are the beginning lyrics of what famous Queen song?  Bohemian Rhapsody
“The Next Generation”, “Deep Space Nine”, and “Voyager” are all versions of what TV series?  Star Trek
In early September, what quarterback suffered a season-ending Achilles injury in his first regular season game with the New York Jets?  Aaron Rodgers
In the Nickelodeon series, who is Spongebob’s friend that lives under a rock?  Patrick


General Knowledge
When substances are placed in a crucible, are they being heated up or cooled down?  Heated
What are the claws of birds of prey called?  Talons
Volvic, Perrier, and San Pellegrino are brands of what type of drink?  Mineral Water
On February 23, 1903, Cuba leased what bay to the United States for use as a naval base?  Guantanamo Bay
Who wrote the 19th century novel Moby Dick?  Herman Melville
How many sides does a Septagon have?  7
In anatomy, plantar relates to what part of the human body?  Foot
In the US, what name was given to a seller of illegal alcohol?  Bootlegger
What is the first name of the title character in F. Scott Fitzgerald’s novel The Great Gatsby?  Jay (will accept James)
What is the main ingredient of a bouillabaisse?  Fish

The song "A Kind of Magic" by Queen features on the soundtrack of what movie?  Highlander

Bonus Round
What was the name of the currency in Estonia before the Euro?  Kroon
The ships of the Iraqi Navy that weren't destroyed during the Gulf War of 1991 were later used to guard the riverfront palaces of what dictator?  Saddam Hussein
Though not formally credited on the album, what rock guitarist played the solo on the Beatles song “While My Guitar Gently Weeps”?  Eric Clapton
Proctor & Gamble was established in what US state in 1837?  Ohio
What English physicist's discovery of electromagnetic induction in 1831 was crucial in the development of transformers, electric motors, and generators?  Michael Faraday
What color are the flowers of the plants in the Celandine family?  Yellow
Who was the first president to throw out the ceremonial first pitch at a Major League Baseball game?                  William Howard Taft
Mary Seacole rose to prominence in nursing during what conflict?  Crimean War
How many moons does the planet Neptune have: A) 21  B) 7  C) 14  D) 33?  Answer: C) 14
What European capital was called Kristiania between 1624 and 1924?  Oslo




Game 231020F
Game Date: Friday, October 20, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What long-running sitcom is frequently described as "a show about nothing"?  Seinfeld
Chinese research has found that drinking at least four cups of what per day is linked to a reduced risk of developing type-2 diabetes?  Tea
Reese Witherspoon and Oprah Winfrey starred together in what 2018 movie?  A Wrinkle in Time
Janet Jackson has what relationship to Michael Jackson?  Brother/Sister
With the passing of Queen Elizabeth II, her son Charles took the throne—what name does he officially use as king?  King Charles III
Portrayed by Michael J. Fox, what is the full name of the teenager who goes "Back to the Future"?  Marty McFly
What baseball star has hit 703 career home runs, and is currently fourth on the MLB's all-time home run list?  Albert Pujols
What country is rock group U2 from?  Ireland
Directly following Avengers: Infinity War, what Avengers film was released just a year later, in 2019?  End Game
What color is SpongeBob SquarePants’ tie?  Red

General Knowledge
What American President appears on the twenty-dollar bill?  Andrew Jackson
What term is given to the bottom number in a fraction?  Denominator
Also known as Cuspids, what name is given to the pointed teeth humans have that are used for tearing?  Canine
Before the abbreviation ‘CE’ meaning ‘Common Era’ and ‘BCE’ meaning ‘Before Common Era’ came into standard use, what abbreviations were used to indicate years in the Gregorian calendar?                                                                   AD (for Anno Domini) and BC (Before Christ)
What is the number nine in Spanish?  Nueve
What jewelry Company designed the interlocking N-Y now used as the logo for the New York Yankees?  Tiffany
What unit is used to measure speed over water?  Knots
What brand introduced its G Series in 2010; including Prime 01, Perform 02, and Recover 03?  Gatorade
The "cleanup hitter" is the batter at what spot in the batting order?  Fourth
What is the second step in the ‘Order of Operations’ also known as PEMDAS?  Exponents

In The A-Team, what does the “B.A” stand for in the character Sergeant Bosco Albert "B.A." Baracus’ name?  Bad Attitude

Bonus Round
In craps, what roll is sometimes known as "puppy paws”?  5-5 (hard 10) 
What was the original name of the search engine ‘Google’?  Backrub
What famous British racing driver was killed in a plane crash in 1975?  Graham Hill
What was the destination of the 2001 Zapatour march?  Mexico City
In Harry Potter, what does Horace Slughorn teach at Hogwarts?  Potions
Though it became a hit for The Eagles, "Take it Easy” was written by what singer-songwriter, who had writer's block on the second verse?  Jackson Browne
Who is the author of the famous novel Jurassic Park?  Michael Crichton
The fleshy lower margin of the nasal septum, located between the nostrils, has what name?  Columella Nasi
Other than Anthropocene, what other name is given to the most current epoch of geological time in Earth’s history?  Holocene
In what year did Texas achieve statehood: 1719, 1788, 1819 or 1845?  Answer: 1845


Game 231022F
Game Date: Sunday, October 22, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
The Iron Throne was originally introduced in what hit HBO T.V series?  Game of Thrones 
What late comedian, born Jacob Cohen, had his first major starring role in the 1983 film Easy Money?                      Rodney Dangerfield
In what series did Amanda Seyfried recently win the Emmy for ‘Outstanding Lead Actress in a Limited or Anthology Series or Movie’ for her role as Theranos founder, Elizabeth Holmes?  The Dropout
The famous quote “What’s in the box?” is from what 1995 movie, starring Brad Pitt?  Se7en
Arendelle is a fictional kingdom featured in what Disney films?  Frozen
What British soccer legend was spotted waiting in line for over 12 hours to pay respects to Queen Elizabeth lying in state?  David Beckham
In what country were The Lord of the Rings movies filmed?  New Zealand
What independent counsel for the Whitewater controversy and the Clinton–Lewinsky scandal passed away last year at the age of 76?  Ken Starr
Freddy Krueger wears a striped sweater that is red and what other color?  Green
Rihanna is featured on "Love the Way You Lie”, a 2010 song by what artist?  Eminem

General Knowledge
According to TV Ratings, what is the third most popular sport in the United States?  Baseball 
What continent contains the most countries?  Africa 
Dry Ice is a solid form of what chemical compound?  Carbon Dioxide
What American President appears on a one dollar bill?  George Washington
Suffering from severe depression, Vincent van Gogh cut off the lower half of what body part?  Ear
In the names of these popular games, what word comes before both "Land" and "Crush Saga"?  Candy
What ancient philosopher founded a school known as ‘The Academy’ in 387 B.C.?  Plato
What position in baseball is commonly abbreviated as "DH"?  Designated Hitter
In what state is Area 51 located?  Nevada
Scientists Marie and Pierre had what surname?  Curie

Tokyo, Lisbon, and Berlin are characters in what T.V series?  Money Heist

Bonus Round
San Miguel Beer is considered the national beverage of what island country in Southeast Asia?  The Philippines
What term is used to describe the first cry of a newborn baby?  Vagitus
Easy Company, part of the 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment, was the subject of what non-fiction bestseller?       Band of Brothers
What was the name of the spacecraft that carried the Philae lander towards a comet?  Rosetta
Who are the enemies who become lovers in Shakespeare's Much Ado About Nothing?  Beatrice and Benedick
How many NFL teams have never made it to a Super Bowl?  Four (Lions, Browns, Jaguars, Texans)
What is the name for Poland in Polish?  SPELLING COUNTS  Answer: Polska
In what London landmark did the supposed 1483 murder of ‘The Princes in the Tower’ occur?  The Tower of London
Where in the human body would you find the vena cava?  Heart 
What Australian inventor is responsible for the first patented refrigerator?  James Harrison

Game 231023F
Game Date: Monday, October 23, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What occupation features in the television series Blue Bloods?  Law Enforcement
What actress was nicknamed "period piece babe" after her roles in Sense and Sensibility, Hamlet, and Jude?         Kate Winslet
While Matt Groening is most known for creating The Simpsons, what animated sci-fi sitcom did he also create; it debuted on FOX in 1999 and has had multiple reboots?  Futurama
What is the name of the neighborhood boy who tortures toys in Pixar’s film Toy Story?  Sid
Instacart launched an IPO on the NASDAQ last month under what four-letter stock ticker symbol?  CART
Who stepped down last month as chairman of News Corp. and Fox?  Rupert Murdoch
Released in 2001, "I'm Real" was a Hot 100 #1 hit by Jennifer Lopez featuring what rapper?  Ja Rule
Who wrote the critically acclaimed musical Hamilton?  Lin-Manuel Miranda 
Who is the famous mother of actress Dakota Johnson?  Melanie Griffith
What British band was “rocking the Casbah” in the 1980s?  The Clash

General Knowledge
What pizza chain introduced ‘Loaded Tots’ to their menu in 2023?  Dominos
What is the only mammal that cannot jump?  Elephant
What is the technical term for what we commonly refer to as "laser eye surgery"?  Lasik
Salt Lake City is the capital of what US state?  Utah
"Leave the Driving to Us" is a longtime slogan for what bus company founded in Minnesota in 1914?  Greyhound
What NHL team retired Joe Sakic's jersey on October 1, 2009?  Colorado Avalanche
What 1818 book by Mary Shelley was partially inspired by Italian scientist Luigi Galvani's real-life experiments in using electricity for human reanimation?   Frankenstein (aka The Modern Prometheus)
In the NFL, how high off the ground is the goalpost crossbar?  10 feet
Pain called lumbago is felt in what part of the body?  Back
What herb is traditionally found on a Margherita pizza?  Basil


What instrument is "Magic" in the title of a Mozart opera?  Flute 

Bonus Round
What famous movie starts in a Florida mansion called Xanadu?  Citizen Kane
The discovery of the common painkiller Aspirin stretches back 3,500 years to the bark of what tree?  Willow
Awarded a 2013 Nobel prize for his work on sub-atomic particles, Peter Higgs is from what country?  England
The Faroe Islands and Greenland are autonomous territories of what European country?  Denmark
In 2018, Ryoko Azuma became the first woman to command a naval squadron for what country's naval forces?  Japan
Along with Florida and Louisiana, what third state has the American alligator as its official state reptile?  Mississippi
The French quatre-vingt translates to what number in English?  80
Popham was the first British settlement in what US state?  Maine
What company owns the Teavana tea company?  Starbucks
In what year did Trent Reznor start the rock band Nine Inch Nails?  1988


Game 231024F
Game Date: Tuesday, October 24, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
"I Dreamed a Dream" is a song from what famous musical?  Les Misérables
What two musical artists hold the record for most Grammy nominations at 88 each? (HINT: they are married)   Beyoncé & Jay-Z
Kristen Welker recently took over hosting duties on what long-running NBC talk show?  Meet the Press
Martin Byrde is the main character in what money laundering TV show?  Ozark
What artist features on the Sia song "Cheap Thrills"?  Sean Paul
What Attorney General of the United States recently testified before the House Judiciary Committee on September 20th?  Merrick Garland
Mike Babcock recently resigned as head coach of what NHL team?  Columbus Blue Jackets
In the 2022 Pixar movie Turning Red, what animal does the main character turn into?  Red Panda
What do the members of Lady Gaga’s fanbase call themselves?  Little Monsters
What actress played the lead role in the 2016 film Arrival?  Amy Adams






General Knowledge
Bismarck is the capital of what US state?  North Dakota
Sushi is a rice-based dish from what country?  Japan
In 1775, American physician Hugh Williamson delivered a report to the Royal Society scientific academy in London on the high-voltage shocks generated by what animal?  Electric eel
Machu Picchu is located in what country?  Peru
According to Greek mythology, what did Prometheus steal to give to humans?  Fire
What spotted African feline is known for its incredible speed, clocking up to 70 mph in short bursts?  Cheetah
In what ocean is the Bermuda Triangle located?  Atlantic Ocean
What science term means the opposite of digital?  Analog
Where in the human body would you find the tonsils?  Throat
The clothing brand Lacoste has what animal in its logo?  Crocodile

"Good Morning Baltimore" is the opening number of what musical?  Hairspray

Bonus Round
Pioneer 10 was the first craft to fly past what planet in 1973?  Jupiter
According to Wikipedia, what is the reach in inches of former heavyweight champion boxer Mike Tyson:                       A) 56”  B) 62”  C) 71”  D) 83”?  Answer: C) 71 inches
What is the largest landlocked country in the world?  Kazakhstan
What type of rock has a name that comes from the Latin word for fire?  Igneous
Who won the 2009 MLB World Series?  New York Yankees
The 1346 Battle of Crécy was fought between the French and what other nation?  England
Meters per second squared is the SI unit for what quantity?  Acceleration
With atomic number 51, what element has the abbreviation Sb on the Periodic Table?  Antimony
What famous artist created the 1975 artwork Paloma Picasso?  Andy Warhol
Apple was founded in 1976 by Steve Jobs and Steve ____________.  Answer: Wozniak


Game 231025F
Game Date: Wednesday, October 25, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What TV reality personality is starring alongside Emma Roberts in “Delicate”, the newest season of American Horror Story?  Kim Kardashian 
Amid diplomatic tensions between the two countries, what nation announced on September 21st that it was suspending visa services for Canadian citizens?  India
Who portrayed Alex P. Keaton on the '80s sitcom Family Ties?  Michael J. Fox
The Hollywood Vampires is a band comprised of Alice Cooper, Joe Perry, and what well known actor?  Johnny Depp
What rapper-turned-business mogul launched the sports agency Roc Nation Sports in 2013?  Jay-Z
On September 22nd, The Strand Magazine published a recently discovered short story by what author of In Cold Blood and Breakfast at Tiffany's?  Truman Capote
In the film Beetlejuice, how many times must Beetlejuice’s name be repeated in order for him to appear?  3
What medical TV series, which ran from 2009 to 2015, did Edie Falco earn six Emmy nominations for?  Nurse Jackie
What British singer appeared in NYC on September 29th at a popup event to promote his new album Autumn Variations?  Ed Sheeran
What actress portrays Wednesday Addams in the 2022 TV series Wednesday?  Jenna Ortega



According to boxofficemojo.com, Halloween (2018) was the highest grossing film in the Halloween franchise.  How much did this film gross worldwide?  $255,485,178

General Knowledge
What shampoo brand rose to prominence in the '90s via a provocative ad campaign featuring women moaning in ecstasy while using the product?  Herbal Essences
What fruit do people go bobbing for on Halloween?  Apples
What joint is affected by carpal tunnel syndrome?  Wrist 
What American businessman gave the first public demonstration of the incandescent electric light bulb on New Year’s Eve of 1879 in Menlo Park?  Thomas Edison
Known for its vibrant dance during monsoon season, what bird is also the national bird of India?  Peacock
By a wide margin, what US state is the largest producer of strawberries in the country?  California
In the tale by Washington Irving, the legend of the Headless Horseman takes place in what New York village?        Sleepy Hollow
Lycans refer to what Halloween related creature?  Werewolves
What is the term for a word or phrase that is spelled the same both forwards and backwards?  Palindrome
What common condiment gives French Dressing its reddish hue?  Ketchup

What EastEnders actor's daughter won reality TV show Love Island?  Dani Dyer

Bonus Round
In 1979, the SALT II Treaty was signed by U.S. President Jimmy Carter and what head of the Soviet Union?        Leonid Brezhnev
What is the name for fossilized tree sap?  Amber
What is the subtitle of the famous musical Wicked?  The Untold Story of the Witches of Oz
Who were the two chess players that faced off in the 1972 World Chess Championship, commonly referred to as the "Match of the Century"?  Bobby Fischer & Boris Spassky
Coulrophobia is the fear of what?  Clowns 
What gentle giant, and largest of all the shark species, mainly feasts on plankton and small crustaceans?             Whale Shark
What two costumes were worn by Max and Dani’s parents at the Halloween party in the 1993 film Hocus Pocus?  Madonna & Dracula
What is the name of the haunted hotel in Stephen King’s novel The Shining?  The Overlook Hotel
What element was the active ingredient in the first nuclear bomb?  Uranium
The ancient woodland Yardley Chase is located in what country?  England




Game 231026F
Game Date: Thursday, October 26, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who is the only person in the Peanuts gang who believes in ‘The Great Pumpkin’?  Linus
What is the name of the snake in Disney’s The Jungle Book?  Kaa
What fast food chain recently added the Pumpkin Spice Frosty to its menu for the fall season?  Wendy's
What founder of Rolling Stone magazine was recently removed from the Board of Directors of the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Foundation over comments he made in an interview?   Jann Wenner
What pop star filed for divorce from husband Dalton Gomez last month?  Ariana Grande
What 2017 Pixar film is centered around the Mexican tradition of Día de Los Muertos?  Coco
In the 1993 film Hocus Pocus, what song do the Sanderson Sisters sing to the Halloween party goers in order to get them to continue dancing throughout the night?  I Put a Spell on You
What fellow '90s star is actress Sarah Michelle Gellar married to?  Freddy Prinze Jr.
In the TV series House, what is the first name of Doctor House?  Gregory
What rock band had a US #1 single with the 1991 song "More Than Words"?  Extreme


General Knowledge
What shape is found in the pink square in the middle of a Scrabble board?  Star
During the 1690s, the Salem Witch Trials took place in what US state?  Massachusetts
What is the more common name for the hormone epinephrine?  Adrenaline
What famous football commentator also served as head coach of the Oakland Raiders from 1969 to 1978?            John Madden
Pandora's box is an artifact from what mythology?  Greek
What North African desert is the largest hot desert in the world, covering 3.3 million square miles?  Sahara Desert
What negatively charged particles flow through a wire in the most common example of an electric current?  Electrons
“Double double toil and trouble / Fire burn and cauldron bubble” is an excerpt from what famous Shakespeare play?  Macbeth
What nocturnal creature is the only mammal capable of sustained flight?  Bat
Vatican City is found within what other Italian city?  Rome



Who appeared with Justin Timberlake on his song "SexyBack"?  Timbaland

Bonus Round
What first lady is said to haunt the White House Rose Garden?  Dolly Madison
What type of nut is the Queensland nut?  Macadamia
What country lost its 22-gun warship ‘The Guerrero’ in an 1828 naval battle against Spanish maritime forces?  Mexico
In what year did Starbucks release the pumpkin spice latte?  2003
Of the following five animals listed, identify the three that are classified as marsupials: Koala, Dingo, Wombat, Possum, and Echidna.  Answer: Koala, Wombat, & Possum
Located in Transylvania, what is the name of Count Dracula’s castle?  Bran Castle
What nation’s soccer team won the 2010 FIFA World Cup?  Spain 
What is the world's largest species of jellyfish?  Lion’s Mane
In the Marvel comics/movies, what material is Captain America's shield made of?  Vibranium
The Jurassic Coast, site of many fossil finds since the 19th century, is mainly located in what country?  England

Game 231027F
Game Date: Friday, October 27, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
In his last screen appearance, comedy legend Jackie Gleason co-starred as what actor’s father in the 1986 comedy-drama Nothing in Common?  Tom Hanks
What rapper sang "Lose Yourself" on the soundtrack of the movie 8 Mile?  Eminem
What Swiss tennis player and eight-time Wimbledon men's singles champion announced his retirement from tennis last year?  Roger Federer 
Emma, Mel B, Mel C, Geri, and Victoria make up what girl group?  The Spice Girls
Who starred as Rick Deckard in the 1982 movie Blade Runner?  Harrison Ford
Last year, after a series of clashes along their shared border, Kyrgyzstan signed a peace deal with what other country?  Tajikistan
Wile E. Coyote spends his life trying to catch what creature?  Roadrunner
Who sang about "Dancing with a Stranger" in 2019?  Sam Smith
In 1992, Whitney Houston married what singer?  Bobby Brown
Who is Nemo's dad in the Pixar film Finding Nemo?  Marlin

General Knowledge
When a player hits a single, a double, a triple, and a home run in the same game, they are said to have "hit for the" what?  Cycle
What is a male goose called?  Gander
In the poker game Texas Hold 'em, what term is applied to the kind of bet that players must make before any cards are dealt?  Blinds
Pb is the chemical symbol for what metal?  Lead
To protest Russia's invasion of Ukraine in 2022, some American and Canadian bars changed the name of what cocktail to a "Kyiv mule"?  Moscow mule
The cranium protects what organ of the body?  Brain
Joe Biden is what number President of the United States?  46th 
According to the Merriam-Webster dictionary, an Apothecary sells what?  Medicines/Drugs
What was Romeo’s surname in Shakespeare's play Romeo and Juliet?  Montague
Seismology is the study of what natural phenomenon?  Earthquakes
What artist had a worldwide hit with "Blueberry Hill" in the 1950’s?  Fats Domino

Bonus Round
What purplish flowering plant -- also a member of the Bridgerton clan -- is named for a Greek youth accidentally killed by the god Apollo?  Hyacinth
At the start of a game of Monopoly, what is the first property you can land on and buy?                                            Baltic Avenue (Cannot roll a one as there are two die)
What is the SI unit of capacitance, the ability of a body to store an electrical charge?  Farad
Put these four crooners in chronological order of when they were born, first to most recent: Frank Sinatra, Tony Bennett, Bing Crosby, and Tom Jones.                                                                                                                          Answer: Bing Crosby (1903), Frank Sinatra (1915), Tony Bennett (1926), and Tom Jones (1940)
What is the scientific term for a warm-blooded animal?  Endothermic
What was the first name of medieval Catholic philosopher Aquinas?  Thomas
What was the southernmost of the original 13 Colonies?  Georgia
The floppy disk was invented in what decade?  1970s
The Shining Path rebels played a key role in the 21st century history of what nation?  Peru
In the original arcade version of Donkey Kong, what was the name of the character that would later be known as Mario?  Jumpman



Game 231029F
Game Date: Sunday, October 29, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
The Carly Simon hit “Nobody Does It Better” was the theme song for what James Bond film -- whose title is mentioned in the lyrics?  The Spy Who Loved Me
Zach Braff stars as JD, a medical intern, in what television show?  Scrubs
What is the main character’s name in the Tim Burton film The Nightmare Before Christmas?  Jack Skellington
The longest-running show in Broadway history, what Andrew Lloyd Webber musical closed in April of this year?  The Phantom of the Opera
What actor played Victor Creed/Sabretooth in 2009's X-Men Origins: Wolverine?  Liev Schreiber
Ichabod Crane, portrayed by Johnny Depp, is the main protagonist in what film; based off a short story by Washington Irving?  Sleepy Hollow
What everyday substance found in almost every home is used in both Hocus Pocus and Hocus Pocus 2 to keep the Sanderson Sisters at bay?  Salt
Whose "Addiction" was the name of a 90’s rock band?  Jane
What pop singer, famous for songs such as “Yeah!” and “DJ Got Us Falling in Love”, will be the 2024 Super Bowl halftime performer?  Usher
What candy does Elliot use to lure E.T into his backyard in the 1982 film E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial?  Reese’s Pieces

General Knowledge
An object that is said to be "stellate" is shaped like a what?  Star
What term is used for a male witch?  Warlock
What popular cocktail derives its name from the Spanish words for "pineapple" and "strained"?  Piña colada
In baseball scorekeeping, the number three is shorthand for which defensive position?  First Baseman
From the Old French for "unoccupied", what four-letter word can be defined as "nothingness“?  Void
Halloween is the shortened version of what other name?  All Hallows’ Eve
From base to point, what is the order of the colors on a piece of candy corn?  Yellow, Orange, and White
What is the name for the middle layer of a human’s skin?  Dermis
In a Winston Churchill speech, what type of “curtain” divided communist Europe from western Europe?  Iron
Abraham Lincoln was what number President of the United States?  16th 
What artist released the 1980’s album Graceland?  Paul Simon

Bonus Round
The mask that Michael Myers wears in Halloween was originally created from a stretched prop mask of what T.V character?  Captain Kirk
What does EMP stand for in the EMP bomb?  Electromagnetic Pulse
What one-word title is shared in songs by Aerosmith, Seal, Gnarls Barkley, and Patsy Cline?  Crazy
Believed to have come from the festival of Samhain, in what country did Halloween originate?  Ireland
What is the name for our physiological cycle of about 24 hours?  Circadian Rhythm
In Roald Dahl’s novel The Witches, what does The Grand High Witch turn into?  A mouse
In what year was the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES) released in the United States?  1991
What technical word means the right-side, odd-numbered page of a book?  Recto
What type of hat was worn by detective Sherlock Holmes?  Deerstalker
What was the name of the German emperor or Kaiser at the start of WWI?  Wilhelm

Game 231030F
Game Date: Monday, October 30, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What famous magician died on Halloween in 1926?  Harry Houdini
In the DreamWorks animated film Shrek, what type of breakfast does Donkey say he will make in the morning?  Waffles
The second Republican primary debate took place on September 27th at the presidential library of what US president?  Ronald Reagan
What is the first name of the main vampire in the popular movie and book series Twilight?  Edward
In 2019, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame added to its collection a keyboard played by what Led Zeppelin bassist on the studio version of “Stairway to Heaven”?  John Paul Jones
Last month, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced that it will replace the missing Oscar won by what late actress for her supporting role in Gone with the Wind?  Hattie McDaniel
What London street is also the name of a Beatles album?  Abbey Road
What actor and talk show host auditioned for a role in Poltergeist but ended up in E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial instead?  Drew Barrymore
Married celebrity couple Josh Dallas and Ginnifer Goodwin met in 2011 on the set of what fairytale inspired TV series?  Once Upon a Time
What color did Frenchy color her hair in the film Grease?  Pink




General Knowledge
True or False: the first Jack-o-Lanterns were made out of turnips?  True
Smith and Wesson are famous for making what items?  Firearms
Scarab, Deathwatch, and Colorado Potato are species of what insect?  Beetle
How many colors of M&Ms are there in a classic bag?  6
Fill in the blank on the name of this common automobile steering system: rack and ______.  Answer: Pinion
An American 50/50 Burger is half ground beef and half ground what?  Bacon
Released in 1974, what was Stephen King's first published novel?  Carrie
What term is given to a cavity in the ground, especially in limestone bedrock, caused by water erosion?  Sinkhole
What color spot does the black widow spider have on its abdomen?  Red
What is the name of the thin, long country that spans more than half of the western coast of South America?  Chile
Heartbreak Weather was a 2020 album by what former boyband member?  Niall Horan

Bonus Round
What American pilot wrote about breaking the sound barrier in 1947 in his 1985 autobiography?   Chuck Yeager
What is the legislature of the Netherlands called?  The States General
A football field is 100 yards from end zone to end zone.  How many yards wide is it, from sideline to sideline? 53 yards 
Portrayed primarily by Jamie Lee Curtis, what other actress played Laurie Strode (specifically in the Rob Zombie directed Halloween films)?  Scout Taylor-Compton
The age of the oldest known koi fish named Hanako was how many years old when it died in 1977: A)137 B)199  C)226?  Answer: C)226 years  
What US city hosts the world's largest Halloween parade?  New York City
In what decade was the song "Monster Mash" released?  1960s
Spitsbergen is an island belonging to what European country?  Norway
What author's first book was called Tamerlane and Other Poems?  Edgar Allen Poe
In Norse mythology, what is the name of the paradise warriors go to after death?  Valhalla


Game 231031F
Game Date: Tuesday, October 31, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who played Sabrina Spellman in Sabrina the Teenage Witch; the American sitcom that aired from 1996 – 2003?  Melissa Joan Hart
In the film Beetlejuice, how many times must you quickly repeat Beetlejuice’s name in order for him to appear?  3 times
"Heeeeere's Johnny!” is a famous quote from what 1980 horror film?  The Shining
In 1973, what movie convinced Americans to throw away their Ouija Boards and led to a drop in sales; it was also the first horror movie ever to be nominated for ‘Best Picture’ at the Oscars?  The Exorcist
What band was formed in 2012 by Jonny Depp, Alice Cooper, and Joe Perry? The Hollywood Vampires
According to the well-known song, who is said to be “creepy, kooky, mysterious, and spooky”?  The Addams Family
Formed in 1988, what American alternative rock band is fronted by guitarist Billy Corgan?  Smashing Pumpkins
The Disney Channel original movie Under Wraps is about three friends that try to help what ancient creature?  Mummy
Along with Brad Falchuk, who co-created the hit anthology series American Horror Story?  Ryan Murphy
What is the name of the black cat that tries to prevent people from lighting the black flamed candle in the film Hocus Pocus?  (Thackery) Binx

General Knowledge
Who wrote the novel, Frankenstein?  Marry Shelly
What is the correct spelling of Halloween?  H A L L O W E E N
In Hollywood, what “harmless” substance is banned and can result in up to a $1,000 fine if used, bought, or sold on Halloween?  Silly String
What are the two main colors that are associated with Halloween?  Orange and Black
Home to Dracula’s castle, in what country is the historical region of Transylvania located?  Romania
In folklore, a bullet of what element is said to kill werewolves?  Silver
What was the first individually-wrapped and sold penny candy in the United States: Sweethearts, Tootsie Rolls, or Hershey Kisses?  Answer: Tootsie Rolls
The legend of the Headless Horseman begins in what New York town?  Sleepy Hollow
What food item is said to repel vampires?  Garlic
What name is given to the type of ghost that is able to create physical disturbances?  Poltergeist
Imploding the Mirage is an August 2020 album by what group?  The Killers


Bonus Round
In what Shakespeare play do three witches chant the spell “Double, double toil and trouble”?  Macbeth 
In what year did Starbucks release the pumpkin spice latte?  2003
What horror actor did the voice over narration on Michael Jackson’s “Thriller” music video?  Vincent Price
Apple-bobbing is said to date back to Roman times.  In folklore, if a girl slept with an apple she’d bobbed under her pillow, what would she dream of?  Her future sweetheart/soulmate
What U.S state produces the most pumpkins?  Illinois 
Released simultaneously, what two candy bars were the first to be produced in ‘Fun Size’?  Snickers & Milky Way
In what decade did the Salem Witch trials take place?  1690’s
What phobia is an excessive fear of Halloween?  Samhainophobia
What first lady is said to haunt the White House Rose Garden; she appeared to workers when First Lady Ellen Wilson tried to have the garden removed roughly 100 years after she had originally built it – preventing them from digging it up?  (Dolley) Madison
Name one of the two countries credited with popularizing Halloween costumes for trick-or-treating?                      Ireland or Scotland

Game 231101F
Game Date: Wednesday, November 1, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What tree was the title of a 1987 U2 album?  Joshua Tree
In the film The Notebook, at what type of event do Noah Calhoun and Allie Hamilton meet?  Carnival
Released in 1962, what was the title of the first James Bond movie ever made?  Dr. No
Duane Keith Davis was arrested on September 29th for the murder of what iconic 90s rapper?  Tupac Shakur
Complete the title of the last film in the Fifty Shades series: Fifty Shades ____________?  Answer: Freed
In 2009, Ben & Jerry's released Yes Pecan!, an ice cream flavor celebrating the election of what US president?   Barack Obama
Joan Cusak voiced which character in Pixar’s Toy Story films?  Jessie
After how many days did the Writers Guild of America conclude its strike: A)102 B)121 C)148?  Answer: C) 148 days
The 2023 Ryder Cup was held in what European country from September 29th to October 1st?  Italy
In what movie does Jim Carrey discover that his everyday life is really a TV show about him?  The Truman Show



General Knowledge
Due to its high ammonia content, many early toothpastes contained what human byproduct?  Urine
Who painted the iconic work The Scream?  Edvard Munch 
What animal kingdom powerhouse can lift objects 50 times its own body weight?  Ant
In British English, what is the car component commonly referred to as the "boot"?  Trunk
A standard ping pong game ends when one player scores how many points?  11
“Australian for Beer” is the tagline for what Australian lager brand?  Foster’s
Who wrote the children’s book Charlotte’s Web?  E.B. White
Springer, Cocker, and Cavalier are varieties of what dog?  Spaniel
What 1964 Pontiac is widely considered to be the world’s first ‘muscle car’?  GTO
What is the primary ingredient in hummus?  Chickpeas

Tapestry was a hugely successful 1971 album by what singer?  Carole King

Bonus Round
Richard Branson is the owner of what airline company?  Virgin Atlantic
What country celebrates the Storming of the Bastille?  France
Written by Michael Jackson and Lionel Richie, what 1985 charity single was the first ever single to be certified multi-platinum?  We Are the World
How tall is a standard European football (aka soccer) goal in feet?  8 feet
Multinational food company Nestlé is headquartered in what country?  Switzerland
What famous astronomer discovered there are galaxies beyond our own?  Edwin Hubble
Although he initially fled to Libya, what country did Idi Amin live in until his death after being deposed as Ugandan leader in 1979?  Saudi Arabia
Before the laws were changed in 2000, how long was a French president’s term?  7 years
Mount Logan is the highest peak in what country?  Canada
Ethology is the study of what?  Animal Behavior

Game 231102F
Game Date: Thursday, November 2, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What is the last word in this famous Jaws quote: "You're gonna need a bigger ____________?”  Answer: Boat
What famous comic book writer died in 2018 at the age of 95?  Stan Lee
In the 1999 film The Matrix, what two colors are the pills that Morpheus gives Neo a choice between?  Red & Blue
Senator Robert Menendez of New Jersey and his wife were recently hit with bribery charges involving weapons sales and aid to what country?  Egypt
Reese Witherspoon received a Golden Globe nomination for her role as Elle Woods in what 2001 comedy film?  Legally Blonde
What singer of such songs as “Yeah!” and “I Don't Mind” was recently announced as the headliner of the 2024 Super Bowl halftime show?  Usher
On the new ABC show The Golden Bachelor, the contestants must be at least what age?  60
Who directed the 2019 psychological horror film Us?  Jordan Peele
In what franchise does Chris Pratt play the character Owen Grady?  Jurassic World
 Confessions on a Dancefloor was a 2005 album by what artist?  Madonna



General Knowledge
With eight arms, how many eyes does an octopus have?  2
Milwaukee lies on the shores of which of the Great Lakes?  Lake Michigan
A Mexican mule is a variation of the Moscow mule cocktail that replaces vodka with what?  Tequila
Who painted the iconic Mona Lisa?  Leonardo da Vinci 
What part of a car uses antifreeze and water to release heat to the outside and keep an engine cool?  Radiator
What iconic athlete was the first to win the ESPN ‘Sportsman of the Year’ award twice, doing so in 1996 and 2000?  Tiger Woods
What gas will you find in most fire extinguishers?  Carbon Dioxide
What is the name of the home of the Greek Gods?  Mount Olympus
The fashion designer, Gianni Versace, was born in what country?  Italy
What bird, with its long legs and pink feathers, is often seen standing on one leg in shallow waters?  Flamingo



Physical Graffiti was a 1975 album by what rock group?  Led Zeppelin

Bonus Round
What body of water separates the Italian Peninsula from the Balkan peninsula?  Adriatic Sea
What Danish architect designed the Sydney Opera House?  Jørn Utzon
In 1982, the Canadian holiday of Dominion Day was officially renamed what?  Canada Day
What is the name of the sleep practice in which two separate duvets or blankets are used instead of one queen or king sized one?  Scandinavian Sleep Method
Bo Jackson is remembered as a Raider during his short NFL career, but was originally drafted by what NFL team; he refused to play for this team when they caused him to be ineligible to play baseball for his senior year of college?  Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Including the 2018 film, how many versions of A Star Is Born are there?  4
What author became famous for his six-volume biography of Abraham Lincoln?  Carl Sandburg
Oporto, Goya, and Canal are stations on what city's metro?  Madrid
What spice comes from the flowers of the Crocus Sativus?  Saffron
Belcalis Marlenis Almanzar is the real name of what celebrity?  Cardi B

Game 231103F
Game Date: Friday, November 3, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
In the 2010 film the Karate Kid, what actor plays the wise mentor to young Dre Parker?  Jackie Chan
Known for the hit song “Despacito”, what Caribbean island is singer Luis Fonsi from?  Puerto Rico
Released in 1988, Hangin’ Tough is the second studio album of what American boy band?  New Kids on the Block
In Harry Potter, a Parselmouth is someone who can talk to what creatures?  Serpents
At a concert last year, the Library of Congress allowed singer Lizzo to play a crystal flute once owned by what U.S. president?  James Madison
In the movie The Wizard of Oz, the Tin Man had what implement atop his head?  Funnel
What country gives out entertainment awards called Baftas?  United Kingdom
What actress played Belle in the 2017 live action film Beauty and the Beast?  Emma Watson
Liv Tyler is the famous daughter of what rock band’s lead singer?  Aerosmith
What actor is behind production company Happy Madison Productions?  Adam Sandler


General Knowledge
A "golden sombrero" is a dubious achievement in baseball in which a player does what four times in a single game?  Strikes out
Meaning “something which disappoints by failing to deliver anything of value, despite a showy beginning” is known as a flash in the _______.  Answer: Pan
Which of the two geographic tropic lines lies south of the Equator?  Tropic of Capricorn
Where would you find the thinnest skin in the human body?  Eyelid
A diet based on this essential mineral, generally prescribed to prevent osteoporosis, includes high doses of the mineral along with lots of tomato juice.  Calcium
What WWE superstar and Hollywood leading man formerly played football for the University of Miami Hurricanes and briefly for the Calgary Stampeders in the CFL?  Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson
What type of multicellular organism has a body full of pores and channels, allowing water to circulate through it?  Sponge
What classification does the Recording Industry Association of America give to an album that sells 10 million or more copies: Gold, Diamond, or Platinum?  Answer: Diamond 
The LA Galaxy, of Major League Soccer, signed what British superstar to a massive $250 million deal to play for them from 2007-2012?  David Beckham
What is the last letter in the Greek alphabet?  Omega


What is the surname of the lead singer of Florence and the Machine?  Welch

Bonus Round
Jack Jones' nonfiction book Let Me Take You Down details the events leading up to the assassination of what famous person?  John Lennon
What spice gives flavor and color to a dish of Hungarian goulash?  Paprika 
The Oregon Trail started in what Missouri town?  Independence
What chemical element is used in photography in the so-called gelatin process, and is also used to turn glass into mirrors?  Silver
According to Japanese superstition, you should never sleep with your head facing what direction, because that's how the deceased are laid to rest?  North
What is the official monetary unit of Egypt, Lebanon, and South Sudan?  Pound
The armhole in clothes where the sleeves are sewn, is called what?  Armscye
What is the capital of Latvia?  Riga
What actor played the character of Iris in the film Taxi Driver when she was just 12 years old?  Jodie Foster
What rocks are formed under huge amounts of heat or pressure?  Metamorphic


Game 231105F
Game Date: Sunday, November 5, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What magazine publishes an annual ranking of the top 500 corporations worldwide, as measured by revenue?  Fortune
Who directed the 2009 fantasy movie Avatar?  James Cameron
Danielle Fishel played what character in the television series Boy Meets World?  Topanga
What “Rocket Man” singer-songwriter was presented with the National Humanities Medal after performing at the White House last year?  Elton John
The Disney animated film Lilo & Stitch is set in what U.S state?  Hawaii
What actress played the female lead in 1998 film There's Something About Mary?  Cameron Diaz
What TV show, which first aired in 1990, spun off sequels with the subtitles Special Victims Unit, Criminal Intent, and Trial by Jury?  Law & Order
What music group had their first album, Surfin’ Safari, release in July of 1962?
Actor Jon Voight is the estranged father of what fellow actress?  Angelina Jolie
In the Pirates of the Caribbean movies, what is the Black Pearl?  A ship

General Knowledge
"C" is for this diet, which requires people to consume a certain low-calorie snack… reportedly made with a secret "hunger controlling" formula.  Cookie diet
The award for the best pitcher of the year in Major League Baseball is named for what Red Sox legend who played over a century ago?  Cy Young
Where should you place your fingers to most easily feel your carotid pulse?  Neck
What lawn game is defined as a sport that involves hitting wooden or plastic balls with a mallet through wickets embedded in the ground?  Croquet
Known as the roof of the rainforest, what layer is home to 60-90% of the rainforest’s animal species ?  Canopy
What classification does the Recording Industry Association of America give to an album that sells 1-million copies: Gold, Diamond, or Platinum?  Platinum
The astrological sign of Cancer is represented by what animal?  Crab
Although it's often used to attract a lover's attention, what type of sheer dressing gown takes its name from a word meaning "neglected"?  Negligee
What city is considered to be the country music capital of the world?  Nashville
How many zeroes are in one billion?  Nine

What American video game and software developer published Fortnite in 2017?  Epic Games

Bonus Round
What famous poet wrote The Canterbury Tales?  (Geoffrey) Chaucer
In 1995, the Baltimore Stallions became the first and only American team to win what sporting trophy?                    Grey Cup (CFL)
What color is the flesh of the Mexican fruit Mamey?  Orange
What French artist is known as “the painter of dancers”?  Edgar Degas
What is the dot over an ‘i’ or a ‘j’ called?  Tittle
The South American country of Bolivia has two capitals; what are they?  La Paz and Sucre
Wolfram is an alternative name for which chemical element?  Tungsten
Who is Tom Sawyer's love interest in the books by Mark Twain?  Becky Thatcher
On what planet did the US spacecraft Viking 1 land in 1976?  Mars
Mad Housewife, Elephant on a Tightrope, and Oops are all brands of what alcoholic beverage?  Wine


Game 231106F
Game Date: Monday, November 6, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who wrote and originally performed the Adele hit "Make You Feel My Love"?  Bob Dylan
Pinky, a white lab mouse, is the sidekick to whom in the 1995 animated WB series?  The Brain
On October 3rd, who was voted out as Speaker of the United States House of Representatives?  Kevin McCarthy
What HBO series had the Roy siblings; Kendall, Roman, Shiv, and Connor?  Succession
What former SNL actor earned multiple ‘Best Actor’ Emmy nominations for his leading role in the FOX post-apocalyptic comedy series The Last Man on Earth, which ran from 2015-2018?  Will Forte
What rapper released the 2018 album Scorpion, featuring the hit song “In My Feelings”?  Drake
What Norwegian author and playwright was recently named the 2023 recipient of the Nobel Prize in Literature?        Jon Fosse
What Australian actress has portrayed such characters as Harley Quinn, Barbie, Tonya Harding, and Sharon Tate?  Margot Robbie
Zach Braff became famous playing JD in what TV show?  Scrubs
What is the name of the  tiny, intelligent alien in Looney Tunes?  Marvin the Martian




General Knowledge
What word refers to the opposite ends of magnets?  Poles
What was the name of the first effective antibiotic?  Penicillin
Known for its stability and being the third most traded currency in the foreign exchange market, what is the currency of Japan?  Yen
What is the square root of 441?  21
Bigbelly, Pygmy, and Giraffe are varieties of what sea creature?  Seahorse
What is the capital of South Carolina?  Columbia
What stage of the sleep cycle is most associated with dreaming?  REM
What is the name to the cushion of tissue between the bones in the spine?  Discs
What was the name of the young Shoshone woman who joined Lewis and Clark’s Corps of Discovery in 1804? Sacagawea
Boule and Brioche are both what type of food?  Bread 
The Queen is Dead was an 80s album by what British group?  The Smiths

Bonus Round
What type of car horn, used on early automobiles, was famous for the "awooga" noise it made?  Klaxon
What type of dinosaur has a fanned head and spits poison in the Jurassic Park book and film?  Dilophosaurus
After a decade of preparations, the euro was first launched in what year?  1999
Designed by Walter Burley Griffin and Marion Mahony Griffin, what is the capital city of Australia?  Canberra
As one of his alter egos, what legendary rocker was backed by a band called the ‘Spiders from Mars’?  David Bowie
Nyctophobia is an extreme fear of what?  Darkness or Night
B or T cells in our immune response are also called what?  Lymphocytes
In 1971, Alan Shepard became the first person to play golf where?  The Moon
What Rockefeller was Gerald Ford's Vice President?  Nelson
The Hay Wain is the most famous work by what British painter?  (John) Constable


Game 231107F
Game Date: Tuesday, November 7, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
On October 6th, Narges Mohammadi was awarded the 2023 Nobel Peace Prize for her advocacy for women's rights in what country?  Iran
What type of animal is Arthur in the cartoon series of the same name?  Aardvark
Adam Sandler starred alongside what actor in the 2003 comedy Anger Management?  Jack Nicholson 
What singer recently announced an upcoming documentary film featuring footage from her 2023 Renaissance World Tour?  Beyoncé
What legendary Chicago Bears linebacker and member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame passed away on October 5th, at the age of 80?  Dick Butkus
What animated film, released in 2018, features multiple Spider-People from different dimensions?                         Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse
What Australian actress garnered an Oscar in 2005 for her portrayal of Katharine Hepburn on the big screen?         Cate Blanchett
In the Looney Tunes, who is Bugs Bunny’s rival who likes to say, “it’s wabbit season?”  Elmer Fudd
What actor won the 2004 Tony Award for ‘Best Actor in a Musical’ for The Boy from Oz?  Hugh Jackman
Hangin’ Tough and Step by Step were albums by what musical group?  New Kids On The Block


General Knowledge
The phalanges can be found in what two areas of the body?  Hands & Feet
What French tire company developed and popularized the radial tire in the late 1940s?  Michelin
The (Will) Eisner Awards are given in what field?  Comic Books
Compasses will not work on the moon, due to the lack of what?  Magnetic Field
Used in jewelry and electronics, what element has the chemical symbol ‘Au’ and atomic number 79?  Gold
What is the name of the process through which spiders shed their exoskeleton?  Molting
What is the deepest ocean?  Pacific Ocean
What is the square root of 484?  22
In the 1970s, what golfer finished ‘Top-10’ at 35 of the 40 majors contests?  Jack Nicklaus
What is the capital of Tennessee?  Nashville
The Kick Inside was the debut album by what female singer?  Kate Bush

Bonus Round
What is the actual first name of the parody singer “Weird Al”?  Alfred
When a baby is born, what percentage of its body length is made up by its head?  25%
Acrophobia is the fear of what?  Heights
What two colors make up the flag of Sweden?  Blue & Yellow
How many Academy Awards nominations did the 2001 film The Lord of the Rings receive?  13
What company built the Japanese A6M (aka Zero) – a fighter aircraft used in the attack Pearl Harbor?  Mitsubishi
Palikir is the capital of what country in Oceania?  Micronesia
Who won their first Grammy for ‘best country vocal performance’ for the hit “Let Me Be There”?  Oliva Newton-John
Avogadro's Law is concerned with what state of matter?  Gas
In what decade was the 6th US President, John Quincy Adams, born?  1760s



Game 231108F
Game Date: Wednesday, November 8, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What Iggy Azalea hit from 2014 featured Charli XCX and spent seven weeks at #1?  Fancy
What Australian actor, known for his role in Marvel films, was named "Sexiest Man Alive" by People magazine in 2014?  Chris Hemsworth
On October 2nd, the U.S. Postal Service unveiled a new postage stamp featuring a portrait of what late Supreme Court Justice?  Ruth Bader Ginsburg
What is the name of Dora’s monkey best friend in the TV show Dora the Explorer?  Boots
Who starred in the lead role for the 1995 box office flop Waterworld?  Kevin Costner
What internet-famous feline became the face of countless memes and even got its own Lifetime movie?  Grumpy Cat (Tartar Sauce)
What actor appeared in back-to-back ‘Best Picture’ winners The Hurt Locker and The King's Speech?  Guy Pearce
Last month, actress Jodie Turner-Smith filed for divorce from what former Dawson's Creek actor?  Joshua Jackson
Who played the title character in the 1986 comedy Crocodile Dundee?  Paul Hogan
“Jinkies!” is the catchphrase of what Scooby-Doo character?  Velma



General Knowledge
Pepper Jack Cheese often includes flakes of what?  Red Pepper
What is the square root of 361?  19
What important legislative act was passed in 1964?  The Civil Rights Act
Generally speaking, what kind of acid is used in a standard car battery?  Sulfuric acid
Who wrote the novel The Five People You Meet in Heaven?  Mitch Albom
What is the term for dust that gathers on walls and ceilings, appearing to have been arranged by a spider?  Cobweb
What is the second smallest continent in the world?  Europe
What company was responsible for the oil spill that devastated the Gulf of Mexico in 2010?  BP
In the fairy-tale, Goldilocks visited a house where what animals lived?  Bears
What type of blood vessel contains valves?  Veins
The Unforgettable Fire was an early album from what Irish group?  U2

Bonus Round
What illness was declared a world health emergency in 1993?  Tuberculosis
What public figure wears the Fisherman's Ring?  The Pope
Put the following three classic rock albums in chronological order of when they were first released, from earliest to most recent: Hotel California by the Eagles, Back in Black by AC/DC, and Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd.                 Answer: Dark Side of the Moon (1973), Hotel California (1976), Back in Black (1980)
The Cartesian Diver experiment demonstrates what principle?  Buoyancy
Composed in 1801 and dedicated to his pupil, Countess Giulietta Guicciardi, who composed what is now known as “Moonlight Sonata”?  Beethoven
On what date in 1863 was the Gettysburg Address delivered: A) Mar. 22nd  B) November 19th  C) July 4th?  Answer: B) November 19th
What is the term for the apparent path of the Sun throughout the course of a year?  Ecliptic
What color would a high-ranking Roman wear on the border of their toga to show their status?  Purple
What famous Disney animated movie was released in 1967?  The Jungle Book
Anglesite is a mineral containing what element?  Lead


Game 231109F
Game Date: Thursday, November 9, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Recently, Mattel introduced a Barbie featuring an outfit that replicates the ensemble worn by what singer/songwriter on Fleetwood Mac's Rumours album cover?  Stevie Nicks
What part of a car is also the title of the opening track on the classic Radiohead album OK Computer?  Airbag
What is the name of the main fictional wizarding school in J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series?  Hogwarts
What German Shepherd, belonging to President Joe Biden, was removed from the White House last month after a string of biting incidents?  Commander
What Australian actor starred as Maximus in the 2000 film Gladiator?  Russell Crowe
What gymnast recently won her 6th all-around title at worlds, becoming the most decorated gymnast in history?  Simone Biles
What term for a fear of spiders was also the title of a 1990 horror comedy starring Jeff Daniels and John Goodman?  Arachnophobia
What singer won the Academy Award for ‘Best Actress’ in 1988 for the movie Moonstruck?  Cher
The Ice King is a primary antagonist in what Cartoon Network series?  Adventure Time
The Emancipation of Mimi is a 2005 album by what singer?  Mariah Carey



General Knowledge
The 1960s gave us 'The Mashed Potato', what was it?  Dance
What is the capital of Oregon?  Salem
Taylor Hall was drafted #1 Overall by what Western Conference team in 2010?  Edmonton Oilers
Otology is the study of what body part?  Ear
Tequila, orange juice, and grenadine make up what cocktail?  Tequila Sunrise  
Nicknamed "American Gentleman" the small dog breed with the tuxedo-like coat is known as the Boston ______.  Terrier
Painted in 1931 during the artist's Surrealist period, who created the iconic work The Persistence of Memory?  Salvador Dalí
What is the square root of 529?  23
In what country was Coors Beer founded?  United States
What is the name of the famous red white and blue wearing trick shot basketball team?  Harlem Globetrotters


On the 6 was the first studio album by what actress?  Jennifer Lopez (aka J-Lo)

Bonus Round
An obelus refers to what mathematical symbol?  Division
What color is referred to as sable in the discipline of heraldry?  Black
Hedera Helix is the botanical name for what climbing plant? (Common) Ivy
What term is given to the process of recording and transmitting readings from an instrument?  Telemetry
Though its commonly associated with America due to it's name, American cheese was actually invented in what country?  Switzerland
Featuring a manipulative villain named Iago, what Shakespearean tragedy explores themes of jealousy and betrayal?  Othello
Who starred as the title character in the 1994 film Muriel's Wedding?  Toni Collette
Name two of the three countries that the Tropic of Capricorn passes through?  South America, South Africa, or Australia
How many marriage proposals does Lizzy receive in the Jane Austen novel Pride and Prejudice?  3  
On what island did Napoleon Bonaparte die in exile in 1821?  St. Helena



Game 231110F
Game Date: Friday, November 10, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Mr. Smee is a pirate character in what animated movie?  Peter Pan
On March 25, 2022, what drummer from Foo Fighters passed away?  Taylor Hawkins
"Sign of the Times" was a 2017 hit song for what former member of the band One Direction?  Harry Styles
What 2010 film starred Jack Black and Emily Blunt, and was loosely based on a 1726 novel?  Gulliver’s Travels
Matt Murdock is the alter-ego of what superhero?  Daredevil
Organizers of the 2023 Met Gala held the event with the theme of what late German fashion designer’s work?  Karl Lagerfeld
The 20/20 Experience is an album by what artist who is also the husband of Jessica Biel?  Justin Timberlake
Winning at the age of 74 for the film Million Dollar Baby, who is the oldest person to win a ‘Best Director’ Oscar?      Clint Eastwood
Jon, Tico, Richie, Alec, and David are the members of what rock band?  Bon Jovi
What color hair does Beavis have, of Beavis and Butt-head?  Blonde

General Knowledge
Which planet in our solar system is named after the Roman God of War?  Mars
In what organ of the human body would you find the pylori, the esophageal sphincter, and parietal cells?  Stomach
The character Huckleberry Finn originally appeared in four novels by what writer?  Mark Twain
Made to designate the boundary between free and slave states, what line divided the North and South in the U.S Civil War?  The Mason Dixon Line
What country's King Louis XVI (the 16th) was guillotined in the square once named for King Louis XV (the 15th)?  France
What New York City borough is home to Citi Field, the home stadium of the New York Mets?  Queens
What famous American pilot made her first successful solo landing in 1921 in a secondhand yellow biplane she named "The Canary"?  Amelia Earhart
A Sloppy Joe sandwich is traditionally made with what ground meat?  Beef
What silvery metallic element has the symbol Na, reacts violently with water, and the atomic number of 11?  Sodium
What type of snakes are known for their distinctive ‘hoods’?  Cobras
What is the first name of Portia de Rossi’s character in the T.V show Ally McBeal?  Nelle

Bonus Round
One of Europe's major rivers, the Rhine, empties into what sea?  North Sea
Sarah Burton, who designed Kate Middleton's wedding dress, worked for what design house?  Alexander McQueen
Valentina Tereshkova was the first woman to travel where?  Space
In what year did The Doors release their self-titled debut album?  1967
The Apennine Range are mountains located in what country?  Italy
A famous Douglas Adams book was called "So Long, and Thanks for all the" what?  Fish
Joan Sutherland was an opera star from what country?  Australia 
Levothyroxine is a drug taken to replace hormones usually made by what organ?  Thyroid
Grace Kelly married the Prince of what country in 1956?  Monaco
What country lies immediately south of Estonia?  Latvia


Game 231112F
Game Date: Sunday, November 12, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
In The Godfather films, what is the name of Vito Corleone’s oldest son?  Sonny (Santino)
In the comic strips, what does Popeye eat to gain strength?  Spinach
What 2005 animated Nickelodeon series will launch on Netflix as a live action remake in 2024?  Avatar: The Last Airbender
Jim Hopper has what job in the popular Netflix series Stranger Things?  Police Chief
"Imagine" was a solo hit from which of the Beatles?  John Lennon
Ben Affleck stars with Matt Damon in what movie about fallen angels?  Dogma
Google closed servers for its gaming service in January of this year. What was that gaming service called?  Stadia
“Never Enough” and “Rewrite The Stars” are songs from what musical movie starring Zendaya?  The Greatest Showman
What movie version of a 2017 Broadway musical version of a 2004 Lindsay Lohan film is set to release January 12, 2024?  Mean Girls
The 1998 film Patch Adams starred what actor in the title role?  Robin Williams






General Knowledge
In what sport would you find players battling to win the Claret Jug trophy?  Golf
From the middle French for "warehouse", what eight-letter word now refers to a place to store ammunition… or a copy of National Geographic?  Magazine
In an internal combustion engine, what is the common name for the valve that modifies the air pressure in the intake manifold?  Choke
How many home runs did Aaron Judge finish the 2022 MLB regular season with?  62
What term comes from the Latin "I shall please" and refers to a control substance used in drug trials?  Placebo
In the first box of Crayola crayons introduced in 1903, how many colors were there?  A) 4  B) 8  C) 12               Answer: B) 8
A Coney Island Hot Dog is often topped with what chopped vegetable?  Onion
What board game, using black and white counters, is named after a Shakespeare character?  Othello
At what degree Celsius does water boil?  100 degrees
A famous John Steinbeck novel was called "East of" what?  Eden
Since 1992, tough-guy actors Robert Mitchum and Sam Elliott have provided the voice-overs in commercials for what product, informing us that “_______:it's what's for dinner”?  Beef


Bonus Round
What is the capital city of Argentina?  Buenos Aires
In what organ of the human body would you find ‘The Duct of Wirsung’ and the ‘Islets of Langerhans’?  Pancreas
The metallic element Strontium is named after a village in what country?  Scotland
What famous horse race is nicknamed "The Run for the Roses" since a blanket of roses is traditionally draped over the winning horse?  Kentucky Derby
Cameroon, a country in central Africa, gained its independence from what country in 1960?  France
Named in honor of his wife, Glamorous Glennis was the Bell X-1 aircraft flown by what pilot on his historic sound barrier-breaking flight in 1947?  Chuck Yeager
New Zealand is bound by the Pacific Ocean to the east and what sea to the west?  Tasman Sea
Rubella is also known as what nationality of measles?  German
What marine mammal is referred to as the ‘wolf of the sea’?  Orca (Killer Whale)
An "amandine" dish indicates what type of nuts are included?  Almonds




Game 231113F
Game Date: Monday, November 13, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
The missing persons drama Without a Trace (which aired from 2002 to 2009) was set in what U.S. city?  New York
Sandra Oh, Ellen Pompeo, and Patrick Dempsy were all cast members of what long-running TV series?                Grey’s Anatomy
What U.S. Navy aircraft carrier, named after the 38th President of the United States, was deployed to the Eastern Mediterranean Sea on October 8, 2023?  USS Gerald R. Ford
“Time in a Bottle” was a 1973 hit for what singer-songwriter?  Jim Croce
Duff Beer is a fictional beer brand from what animated TV series?  The Simpsons
Billy Idol had a cameo as himself in what 1998 romantic comedy starring Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore?         The Wedding Singer
What Red Bull Racing driver won the Qatar Grand Prix in October to be crowned the 2023 Formula One World Champion?  Max Verstappen
What rapper, born "Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio”, released the album Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana on October 13th?  Bad Bunny
Who starred alongside Angelina Jolie in the 2005 film Mr. & Mrs. Smith?  Brad Pitt
Portrayed by Bryan Cranston, what is Walter's surname in the hit TV series Breaking Bad?  White


General Knowledge
In golf, what is an Ace?  Hole-in-One
What medical term refers to an acute reaction to an allergen which the body is hypersensitive to? Anaphylaxis 
The 1953 novel Triumph and Tragedy was the last volume of The Second World War, an historical memoir by what Prime Minister of the United Kingdom?  Winston Churchill
Chicken Fried Steak is also known as what?  Country-Fried Steak
SPELLING COUNTS: spell the commonly misspelled word -  Privilege.  Answer: Privilege
When the Red Sox broke the “Curse of the Bambino” in 2004, who was the World Series MVP?  Manny Ramirez
In relation to ale, which is more bitter: IPA or APA?  IPA
In what part of the body would you find your cervical spine?  Neck
What is the name for a group of lions?  Pride
What is the capital of Washington?  Olympia
What rapper appeared in a reality show called Father Hood?  Snoop Dogg

Bonus Round
An "agelast" is someone who never does what?  Laughs
The Battle of Culloden took place in what country?  Scotland
What famous Apache leader surrendered to Lt. Charles Bare Gatewood on September 4, 1886?  Geronimo
By law, hot air balloon pilots in the U.S. must have a pilot certificate from what government body?                       Federal Aviation Administration
On which of the Canary Islands is the Mount Teide volcano located?  Tenerife
What pieces does the "En Passant" rule concern in Chess?  Pawns
The Ptolemy Dynasty ruled what ancient kingdom?  Egypt
What three things does a plant need to perform photosynthesis?  Water, Sunlight, & Carbon Dioxide
WestJet is a budget airline based out of what country?  Canada
What was the stage name of celebrity Joan Molinsky?  Joan Rivers




Game 231114F
Game Date: Tuesday, November 14, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Episodes of what show were titled as "The One Where..."?  F.R.I.E.N.D.S
The musical movie Mamma Mia! is set on an island in what country?  Greece
Versions of what show, __________ Camera, have aired from 1948 to 2014 and have caught people in strange situations?  Candid
What actress revealed last month that she has been separated from husband Will Smith since 2016?                      Jada Pinkett Smith
Barley and Ian are the brothers in what 2020 Pixar film?  Onward
Pete Townsend is the lead guitarist and co-founder of what English rock band?  The Who
Name the German shoe brand that debuted on the New York Stock Exchange last month with the ticker symbol "BIRK".  Birkenstock
Who played Elizabeth Swan in the 2003 movie Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl?                 Keira Knightley
Bleach was the first studio album by what 90’s grunge band?  Nirvana
The character James Bond works for what intelligence agency?  MI-6




General Knowledge
What vegetable is used to make Passata?  Tomatoes
Although he spent his entire career playing for the New York Giants, what team originally drafted Eli Manning?         San Diego Chargers
What American inventor patented the electric telegraph in 1837?  Samuel Morse
What is the only bird species that can fly backward and forward, hover, and even fly upside down?  Hummingbirds
In science terminology, what does the acronym "UV" stand for?  Ultraviolet
Reflexology is a type of therapy that uses gentle pressure on specific points in what part of the body?  Feet
SPELLING COUNTS: spell the commonly misspelled word -  Entrepreneur.  Answer: Entrepreneur
What legendary men’s college basketball coach holds the record for most career wins?  Mike Krzyewski (Coach K)
What is the capital of Pennsylvania?  Harrisburg
Subway restaurants use green, white, and what other color in their branding?  Yellow

On what planet in the Star Wars universe would you find ‘The Great Pit of Carkoon’?  Tatooine 

Bonus Round
Within two years - at what age did Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart compose his first symphony?  8 yrs old (accept 6 - 10) 
What capital of Newfoundland and Labrador is also North America's easternmost city?  St. John's
What position does Kevin Costner's character play in the 1988 film Bull Durham?  Catcher
Who is considered to be the “Father of History”?  Herodotus
The Battle of Dien Bien Phu ended French colonial rule in what Asian country?  Vietnam
What Hollywood starlet co-invented the first successful radio guidance system, which was used in World War II for radio-controlled bombs?  Hedy Lamarr
What was the name of the car that Chevrolet launched in 1966, being described as “a small, vicious animal that eats Mustangs”?   Chevrolet Camaro
What country produces the most wind energy in the world?  China
What sportswear company was founded in Germany in 1949 by Adolf Dassler?  Adidas
The mass for atoms and subatomic particles is measured in what unit?  AMU: Atomic Mass Units (aka Dalton)





Game 231115F
Game Date: Wednesday, November 15, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who was Captain James T. Kirks first mate of the USS Enterprise NCC-1701?  Mr. Spock
In the Pixar film A Bug’s Life, what type of performers are the bugs that Flik meets; bugs that he originally believed to be warriors?  Circus 
On October 10th, what U.S. representative for New York's 3rd congressional district was indicted on charges of wire fraud?  George Santos
The 1990 song “Ice Ice Baby” by Vanilla Ice sampled what popular Queen song?  Under Pressure
What 1965 song begins with the lyrics “I've got sunshine on a cloudy day / When it's cold outside / I've got the month of May”?  My Girl
Agents Mulder and Scully are the dynamic duo at the forefront of what sci-fi TV series?  The X-Files
What Sesame Street monster lives in a trash can?  Oscar the Grouch
What company announced on October 11th that it will acquire Pioneer Natural Resources in a $60 billion all-stock deal?  ExxonMobil
Who had his directorial debut and starred in the 1993 movie The Man Without a Face?  Mel Gibson
Chrissy Tiegen married what singer in 2013?  John Legend


General Knowledge
Ballet terms are primarily in what language?  French
SPELLING COUNTS: spell the commonly misspelled word -  License.  Answer: License
The bassoon belongs to which family in the orchestra?  Woodwind
What tech company owns the majority of mobile apps on the market?  Google (Alphabet)
What was the surname of James K, the 11th US President?  Polk
The World Meteorological Organization defines conditions in which clouds obscure at least 95% of the sky as what?  Overcast
What is the first letter of the Greek Alphabet?  Alpha
What is the capital of Wyoming?  Cheyenne
What river serves as a natural border between Texas and Mexico?  Rio Grande
What material is a rhino’s horn made of?  Keratin
What Big Bang Theory actor appears in I Know What You Did Last Summer as Max?  Johnny Galecki

Bonus Round
The Beluga whale is native to what body of water?  Arctic Ocean
In what year was the Nintendo Game Boy released?  1989
Before Michael Phelps won eight gold medals in 2008, what other American swimmer held the record for most gold medals in a single Olympics with seven in 1992?  Mike Spitz
Dr. Seuss once said of what 1957 book, "It is the book I'm proudest of because it had something to do with the death of the Dick and Jane primers"?  The Cat in the Hat
The Big Dipper is actually part of what larger constellation?  Ursa Major (aka The Great Bear)
Who was the first individual from Australia to play major league baseball in the United States?  Joe Quinn
What cigarette brand had the slogan "come to where the flavor is" in the 1960s?  Marlboro
What 2007 Treaty set out the constitutional basis for the European Union?  Treaty of Lisbon
What was Princess Diana’s maiden name?  Spencer
What Greek god, that is half goat, watches over shepherds and wild animals?  Pan


Game 231116F
Game Date: Thursday, November 16, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What is the name of the main character, voiced by Owen Wilson, in the Pixar franchise Cars?  Lightning McQueen
What athletic footwear company announced last month that it is bringing on Shaquille O'Neal as its "president of basketball"?  Reebok
Who directed the 1978 movie Dawn of the Dead?  George A. Romero 
The song “Un-Break My Heart” was a 1996 hit by what singer; it was off her second studio album Secrets?              Toni Braxton
Uma Thurman starred in what 1994 film with John Travolta and Samuel L. Jackson?  Pulp Fiction
What member of the Kennedy family announced on October 9th that he would be running as an independent in the 2024 U.S. presidential election?  Robert Kennedy Jr.
On October 8th, Kenyan long-distance runner Kelvin Kiptum set the marathon world record while running a race in what U.S. city?  Chicago
What beach boy has notoriously feuded for decades with founding member Mike Love?  Brian Wilson
Although she has since returned, what There’s Something About Mary actress announced that she had retired from acting in March 2018?  Cameron Diaz
Who created the 90’s animated series Beavis and Butt-head?  Mike Judge



General Knowledge
What does the C stand for in the lung condition COPD?  Chronic
What insect completes the name of a children’s spelling contest?  Bee
Before joining Dwyane Wade and LeBron James in Miami, Chris Bosh played his first seven seasons for what team?  Toronto Raptors 
The main library at Amherst College in Massachusetts is named for what poet known for the work “The Road Not Taken”?  Robert Frost
What is the name for a steak made of ground beef?  Salisbury Steak
What is the largest joint in the human body?  Knee
What U.S. President famously said "I am not a crook"?  Richard Nixon
In what game do you collect money for passing Go and use cards such as Chance and Community Chest?  Monopoly
Complete the title of this popular Dr. Seuss book: One Fish, Two Fish, __________ Fish, Blue Fish?  Red
What is the name for the shorter grass between the tee and the hole on a golf course?  Fairway

What group were "Lost in Love" in the 1980 music charts?  Air Supply

Bonus Round
What is the main metallic component of Pewter?  Tin
What Hollyoaks star played Missandei in the HBO series Game of Thrones?  Nathalie Emmanuel
In what decade did the TV show Bewitched first air?  1960s
What country was banned from the Olympics from 1964 to 1988?  South Africa
What jazz musician won a Pulitzer prize for his epic oratorio "Blood on the Fields"?  Wynton Marsalis 
Rickets is caused by a lack of what vitamin?  D
What country celebrates St. David's Day on the 1st of March?  Wales
What city gives its name to the Conventions laying out the accepted rules of warfare, written in 1864?  Geneva
The tendency of dissimilar particles or surfaces to cling to one another is known as what?  Adhesion
What company introduced car models called Country Squire, Comete, and Consul in 1951?  Ford


Game 231117F
Game Date: Friday, November 17, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What Oscar-winning Annie Hall actress starred in the music video for Justin Bieber's “Ghost”?  Diane Keaton
In the Disney animated film Aladdin, what type of animal is Abu?  Monkey
What actress, best known for her role as Jessica Fletcher on Murder, She Wrote, passed away last year at the age of 96?  Angela Lansbury
Ryan Reynolds got engaged to what Canadian singer in 2004?  Alanis Morissette
In May, Blake Shelton left his role as a coach on what NBC competitive singing series?  The Voice
Nicole Kidman plays Celeste Wright in what HBO series; based on a novel by Liane Moriarty?  Big Little Lies
What is the name of the 2001 Studio Ghibli film featuring main character Haku?  Spirited Away
What color was ‘True’ in the title of a 1986 hit song by Madonna?  Blue
Actor Arnold Schwarzenegger served as governor of what state from 2003 to 2011?  California
The Prisoner of Azkaban is the third installment of what book and movie series?  Harry Potter



General Knowledge
What part of the body would a detached retina affect?  Eye
For 2006, the ‘Word of the Year’ was what verb - meaning "to demote or devalue something” (like a certain former planet)?  Plutoed
In the game of golf, an albatross is how many strokes below par?  3
‘Konnichiwa’ is a greeting meaning ‘good afternoon’ or ‘good day’ in what language?  Japanese
Monterey Jack Cheese is often marbled into what other cheese?  Colby
Fifteen new states were created when what country collapsed in 1991?  USSR/Soviet Union
What term refers to a group of 13 items?  Baker’s Dozen
Which of the following teams plays in the NFL’s AFC South division: Denver Broncos, Atlanta Falcons, or Houston Texans?  Answer: Houston Texans
Central Park is a large open space in what major city?  New York City
The term suffrage refers to a person’s right to do what?  Vote
Singer Madison Beer became famous when what musical artist tweeted a link of her singing?  Justin Bieber

Bonus Round
In Iceland, it is believed that doing what craft activity outdoors can prolong winter?  Knitting
The Black Death aka the Bubonic Plague first hit Europe in what century?  14th 
Waikato and Clutha are rivers in what country?  New Zealand
According to German researchers, the risk of having a heart attack is highest on what day of the week?  Monday
Lobster Telephone is a famous surrealist work by what artist?  Salvador Dali
Iceberg Alley is a dangerous shipping area in the Atlantic Ocean; it stretches from the Arctic to what province in Canada?  Newfoundland and Labrador
Phenol is also known as what acid?  Carbolic
The Yalta Conference set out plans to end what conflict?  WWII
In what year was the first installment of the video game series Legend of Zelda first released?  1986
The country of Mozambique became independent from what European nation in 1951?  Portugal

Game 231119F
Game Date: Sunday, November 19, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Years before he was playing Tony Stark, what actor lip-synced to Elton John in the music video for “I Want Love”?  Robert Downey Jr.
Bea Arthur and Betty White starred together in what comedic American sitcom?  The Golden Girls
Although the movie is meant to take place near Central America most of Jurassic Park was actually filmed in what U.S state?  Hawaii
"These Boots Are Made for Walkin" was a hit song for which Sinatra?  Nancy
Released April 5th of this year, the animated film The Super Mario Bros. Movie featured the voice of what actor as Mario?  Chris Pratt
Redfoo and Sky Blu are members of what musical electronic duo?  LMFAO
What 2010 Disney Channel series featured Bridget Mendler as Teddy, who makes video journals for her baby sister?  Good Luck Charlie
Edward Cullen in the Twilight movies is played by what actor?  Robert Pattison
Justin Theroux announced his separation from what actor in February 2018?  Jennifer Aniston
In the Disney animated film Aladdin, what type of animal is Rajah?  Tiger

General Knowledge
What are the ‘moons’ in a Denny’s “Moons Over My Hammy” sandwich?  Eggs
The 20th century painter Frida Kahlo came from what country?  Mexico
In hockey, how many goals must a player score to obtain a hat trick?  3
For 1993, the ‘Word of the Year’ was what two-word phrase referring to the Internet?  Information superhighway
The Coral Sea lies east of what country?  Australia
At the Oscars, actors walk along a carpet of what color?  Red
Breeds called Highland, Ayrshire, and Texas Longhorn are what type of farm animal?  Cattle
A chloride compound always contains what element?  Chlorine
Which of the following teams plays in the NFL’s NFC West division: Arizona Cardinals, Kansas City Chiefs, or Buffalo Bills?  Answer: Arizona Cardinals 
Located in England, what two universities are sometimes collectively known as Oxbridge?  Oxford and Cambridge
What is the first name of Damian Lewis' character in Homeland?  Nicholas

Bonus Round
New Zealand is bound by the Pacific Ocean to the east and what sea to the west?  Tasman Sea
According to a German superstition, you should never toast with what - lest you wish death upon the people you're with?  Water
Elizabeth Woolridge Grant is the real name of what singer-songwriter?  Lana Del Rey
The town of Mafeking was the site of a 1900 battle in what conflict?  The (Second) Boer War
What is the only part of the body that has no blood supply; it receives oxygen directly from the air?  Cornea
A ‘Peekapoo’ dog is a cross between a poodle and what other breed?  Pekingese
‘Divorced, beheaded, died, divorced, beheaded, survived’ is a rhyme about the six wives of what English monarch?  Henry VIII
Someone who lives in Los Angeles, city or county, is referred to as a what?  Angeleno
In biology, what is the pollen-bearing part of a flower’s stamen called?  Anther 
What major river was known as the Zaire River during the 16th and 17th centuries?  Congo River

Game 231120F
Game Date: Monday, November 20, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
The film Good Burger, starring Kenan and Kel, was based off a sketch from what TV series?  All That
Who starred as Chris Kyle in the 2014 film American Sniper?  Bradley Cooper
Heinz recently announced a special "Ketchup and Seemingly Ranch" condiment inspired by a viral social media post concerning what pop star?  Taylor Swift
Released in 2001, what was the subtitle of the first Lord of the Rings film?  The Fellowship of the Ring
What chef, known for his love of Tex-Mex cuisine, hosts the popular TV show Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives?  Guy Fieri
What former frontman of rock band Oasis recently announced a tour celebrating the 30th anniversary of the band's debut album Definitely Maybe?  Liam Gallagher
The Simpsons were once featured in commercials for what candy brand (from 1988 – 2001)?  Butterfinger 
In the TV show Home Improvement, what was the surname of Tim Allen’s character?  Taylor
Who was performing with Janet Jackson when she suffered her "wardrobe malfunction” at the 2004 Super Bowl?          Justin Timberlake
At the 2020 Grammys who wore a black and gold Gucci outfit with green accents to match her hair?  Billie Eilish

General Knowledge
The Snaffle Bit and stirrups are equipment associated with what animal?  Horses
What is the term for the boundary separating different air masses, where temperature and weather changes occur?  Front
How many eyes do most spider species have?  8
In physics, the acceleration of an object is measured by dividing what quantity by the objects mass?  Force
Port is a fortified wine from what European country?  Portugal
The unit of measurement for pressure – PSI – stands for what?  Pounds per square inch
What kind of vehicle was an "unterseeboot" in WWI?  Submarine
The tears of what animal are said to be a sign of insincere grief?  Crocodile
The Zodiac sign Taurus is the sign for a portion of April and what other month?  May
What is the term for the room in which film photographs are developed?  Darkroom


What Radio 1 DJ was the youngest radio presenter in the UK at just 16 years old?  Scott Mills

Bonus Round
Ge is the chemical symbol for what element?  Germanium
What artist painted Head of a Bearded Man in 1964?  Pablo Picasso
Saunas, a variety of steam bath, originated in what European country?  Finland
What emission control device on an automobile converts toxic gases into less-toxic pollutants?  Catalytic converter
Tallinn is the capital of what country?  Estonia
The Viking settlement of Vinland was located in what modern-day country?  Canada
What 1950s singer claims to be "the architect of rock and roll"?  Little Richard 
The Birdseye company first sold what variety of frozen vegetable in 1952?  Peas
Where did the CIA attempt to invade in 1961?  The Bay of Pigs
What number is also known as the additive identity?  Zero

Game 231121F
Game Date: Tuesday, November 21, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
New York Jets quarterback Aaron Rogers mentioned recently that he is recovering quickly from an opening game injury to what specific part of his body?  Achilles tendon
What singer was backed by The Revolution?  Prince
Released in 2002, what was the subtitle of the second Lord of the Rings film?  The Two Towers 
Who is the snowman who loves warm hugs in Disney's Frozen and Frozen II?  Olaf
Madonna is on her Celebration Tour, during which she recently revisited a feud with what other pop icon?  Cher​
What actress, best known for the sitcoms Three's Company and Step by Step, recently passed away at the age of 76?  Suzanne Somers
What Saved by the Bell character is known for breaking the fourth wall and talking to the audience?  Zack Morris
What Las Vegas band had a hit with "When You Were Young" in 2006?  The Killers
Based on a book by Liane Moriarty, what 2017 drama starred Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman, and Shailene Woodley?  Big Little Lies
What singer was behind fragrances called Glow and Still?  Jennifer Lopez





General Knowledge
Tennessee Williams wrote a play about what animal, on a hot tin roof?  Cat
What color is the planet Neptune?  Blue
The first Chevrolet Corvette rolled off the production line in June 1953 in what state?  Michigan
The "Fujita Scale" is used to measure the intensity of what meteorological phenomenon?  Tornadoes
What spider species is known for its distinctive hourglass-shaped marking on the abdomen?  Black Widow
The Black Russian cocktail is made from vodka and what flavor liqueur?  Coffee
What is the name of the traditional process for turning skins into leather?  Tanning
Fill-in-the-blank: "_________proof" lipstick hit the shelves at Lord and Taylor in 1950.  Answer: Kiss
The Zodiac sign Pisces is the sign for a portion of March and what other month?  February
What greenhouse gas is often released during the process of animal digestion?  Methane
What was the first name of the jazz bandleader known as the "King of Swing"?  Benny

Bonus Round
What country was Ayatollah Khomeini the religious leader of during the 1980s?  Iran
When was the first Xbox console released?  2001
The cooking term sous-vide refers to cooking food it what way?  Vacuum (Sealed) pouch in water
What European country was defeated by the Democratic Republic of Vietnam in 1954?  France
What famous philosopher came up with Superman, German Übermensch, the superior man?  Nietzsche (Friedrich)
Located in the Pacific Ocean’s Mariana Trench, what is the name of the deepest known point of the seabed on Earth?  Challenger Deep
The book of Genesis contains the first Biblical reference to someone being put in prison – who is it referring to?  Joseph
Who wrote the 1966 Hugo award winning novel Flowers for Algernon?  Daniel Keyes
Montevideo is the capital of what South American country?  Uruguay
What element is used to make computer chips, semiconductor wafers, and types of glass?  Silicon

Game 231122F
Game Date: Wednesday, November 22, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who played the character of Dylan McKay in Beverly Hills, 90210?  Luke Perry
Who portrayed the leading role in the 1976 movie Carrie?  Sissy Spacek
What Martin Scorsese film, starring Leonardo DiCaprio, Lily Gladstone, and Robert De Niro, was released on October 20th?  Killers of the Flower Moon
Released in 2012, what was the subtitle of the first Hobbit film?  An Unexpected Journey
What chili pepper, with an average rating of 2.69 million Scoville Heat Units, recently dethroned the Carolina Reaper to be named the world's hottest chili pepper by Guinness World Records?  Pepper X
What British musician enjoyed massive success in 1985 with his album No Jacket Required, featuring hits like “Sussudio” and “One More Night”?  Phil Collins
Who will stay on as commissioner of the NFL through 2027 after his contract was officially extended last month?    Roger Goodell
What network did the Ryan Murphy TV series Pose originally air on?  FX
In Disney’s animated film Beauty and the Beast, what color dress does Belle wear in the ballroom dance scene with the Beast?  Gold (or yellow)
What singer was backed by Miami Sound Machine?  Gloria Estefan




General Knowledge
What type of Australian bird makes a call that sounds like a cackling laugh?  Kookaburra
What is the name of the instrument used to measure atmospheric pressure?  Barometer
Located in California, what is the lowest, driest, and hottest place in North America?  Death Valley
In a classic children's story by E.B. White about a pig named Wilbur, what wise and caring spider becomes Wilbur’s dear friend?  Charlotte 
What former player is depicted in the NBA logo?  Jerry West
The CPU (Central Processing Unit) of a computer is considered to be the equivalent of what human organ?  Brain
Sasquatch is an alternative name for what American folklore creature?  Bigfoot
What ingredient is added to a Black Russian cocktail to transform it into a White Russian?  Cream
Over human evolution, shifts in the shape of what bone in the body made walking easier, and childbirth harder?  Pelvis
In the northern hemisphere, in what month of the year is the day with the most sunlight?  June
Released in 1999, the TV show Crusade was a spin-off from what other series?  Babylon 5

Bonus Round
What do most historians accept as the real name of the pirate called Blackbeard?  Edward Teach/Thatch
What was the nickname of 1940s crime victim Elizabeth Short?  Black Dahlia
According to Wikipedia, the Empire State Building is how many stories high: A) 102  B) 106  C) 128?    Answer: A) 102  
What country produces the second most wind energy in the world?  United States
Developed in 1869, what was the first synthetic food to be patented?  Margarine
In the 1960 Michael Crichton novel Jurassic Park, how many Tyrannosaurs Rexes are there?  2
John Joseph Merlin is credited with inventing the roller skate in what decade?  1760s
What member of the British Royal Family married a rugby player in Edinburgh in 2011?  Zara Phillips (now Tindall)
The Islamic religion has two major branches: Sunni and what other branch?  Shia
What word refers to one billionth of a meter?  Nanometer

Game 231123F
Game Date: Thursday, November 23, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
"Bills, Bills, Bills" was a 1999 hit song for what group?  Destiny’s Child
What TV show (which aired from 1998 to 2003) followed the lives of high school students in a fictional town called Capeside?  Dawson’s Creek
In the Disney animated film, Bambi, Thumper is what type of animal?  Rabbit
What legendary producer and composer was recently named the inaugural recipient of the ‘Peace Through Music Award’ from the US State Department?  Quincy Jones
Recently played by Lea Michele and popularized by Barbara Streisand, "Don't Rain on My Parade" is a song from what musical?  Funny Girl
What longtime US Senator from California passed away on September 28th at the age of 90?  Dianne Feinstein
Released in the 90’s "Believe" was the biggest hit of what singer's career?  Cher
The 2019 movie Joker stars what actor in the title role?  Joaquin Phoenix
Which cast member of F.R.I.E.N.D.S was married to Brad Pitt from 2000 to 2005?  Jennifer Aniston
What singer released the 2021 album Sour, which features the hit song ”Drivers License"?  Olivia Rodrigo




General Knowledge
Imploding the Mirage is an August 2020 album by what group?  The Killers

Bonus Round
Entomology is the study of what?  Insects
Rosie the Riveter was a popular American cultural icon during what war?  World War II
The War of the Currents was a period of events in the late 19th century revolving around the competition between direct current and what other form of electric current?  Alternating current (AC)
Who is the current CEO of Alphabet Inc. and its subsidiary Google?  Sundar Pichai
The element Ruthenium is named after a medieval word for what country?  Russia
In their original appearance, what names were given to the cartoon cat and mouse Tom and Jerry?  Jasper & Jinx
A hollow ball of cells produced one week after fertilization in humans is called what?  Blastocyst
In what year was the Rolling Stones’ album Paint It Black released?  1966
What was the first nation to put tanks on the battlefield?  Britain
What type of trees were planted numerously after the French Revolution as a symbol of hope?  Elm

Game 231124F
Game Date: Friday, November 24, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What rock star bought an out-of-service jet for $250,000 in 1975 and named it after his daughter, Lisa Marie?  Elvis Presley
What is the subtitle of the most recent Thor film? Love and Thunder
Last year, protesters at the National Gallery in London threw tomato soup on Sunflowers, a famous work by what Dutch painter?  Vincent Van Gogh
A year after winning an Oscar for her performance in Monster's Ball, what actress appeared in the music video for Limp Bizkit's cover of “Behind Blue Eyes”?  Halle Berry
What image does Popeye the Sailor Man have tattooed on each arm?  Anchor 
What popular show acquired by Netflix is currently producing its sixth and final season, featuring Ralph Macchio and William Zabka? Cobra Kai
One sister has released such hit albums as I am Sasha Fierce and Lemonade.  The other won a Grammy in 2017 for the song “Cranes in the Sky”.  What is the last name of these sisters?  Knowles (Beyoncé and Solange) 
What pop band from Hawthorne, California, scored a #3 hit on the Billboard charts in 1965 with the song “California Girls”?  The Beach Boys
Creed III was released in March of this year. In addition to reprising his role as Adonis Creed, what actor directed the film?  Michael B. Jordan
“Football Head” is the favorite teasing phrase of Helga; a girl who secretly crushed on the main character of what 90’s Nickelodeon show?  Hey Arnold!




General Knowledge
Made with gin and lime juice, what classic cocktail is named after a tool for drilling small holes?  Gimlet
What term describes Norse seafarers of the early Middle Ages?  Vikings
If you're not awake, you're not eating anything - that's the principle of the diet named for what Disney princess?  Sleeping Beauty
In the theater, it is considered bad luck to mention the name of what Shakespeare play?  Macbeth
What is the name of the period of minimal activity and metabolic depression that most bears undergo during winter months?  Hibernation
What famous poem begins, "Once upon a midnight dreary"? The Raven (by Edgar Allen Poe)
Ultraviolet rays from sunshine help produce which Vitamin in the body?  Vitamin D
What is the only mythological animal in the Chinese zodiac?  Dragon
What is the name of the tiny blood vessels that deliver oxygen and nutrients to cells?  Capillaries 
How long is a marathon?  26.2 miles
Lenny Henry is the founder of what annual fundraising television show?  Comic Relief 

Bonus Round
In 2004, one of the Words of the Year was this colorful elections phrase that denotes places like Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Florida.  Purple state
The constellation Ursa Major is known by what name in English?  Great Bear
Until his death in 2005, what gonzo journalist was chief of the "National Affairs Desk" of Rolling Stone magazine?  Hunter S. Thompson
What U.S. state is home to the highly saline Salton Sea?  California
What is the only muscle in the human body that is attached to a bone at only one end?  Tongue
(Lady) Emma Hamilton was romantically involved with what famous figure?  Lord/Admiral (Horatio) Nelson
The elements between Thorium and Lawrencium have what name?  Actinides
Who is Rigoletto in the title of the opera of the same name?  Court Jester
Luxe and Chapter One are perfumes released by what actress?  Jennifer Aniston
What is the state tree of New York?  Sugar Maple


Game 231126F
Game Date: Sunday, November 26, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Dr. Liz Wilson, Arlene, Pooky, and Nermal all feature in what comic strip?  Garfield
What Coming to America star appeared as an Egyptian pharaoh in Michael Jackson's music video for “Remember the Time”?  Eddie Murphy
What 2023 animated box office hit starred Jennifer Lawrence as intrepid reporter April O’Neil? Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutant Mayhem
Nicole Kidman plays Masha, owner of a health & wellness retreat center, in what Hulu series; based on a novel by Liane Moriarty?  Nine Perfect Strangers
Singer Ed Sheeran was born in what country?  England
What Disney animated character originally performed the song "When You Wish Upon a Star"?  Jiminy Cricket
What rock band is currently on a world tour with its classic lineup of Tom DeLonge, Mark Hoppus, and Travis Barker?  Blink-182
“Who’s that girl, it’s Jess!” is a line in the theme song of what seven season sitcom that ended in 2018?  New Girl
For 1992, the ‘Word of the Year’ was _______; a word popularized by Wayne's World, showing a sarcastic expression of disagreement.  Not!
What color of cashmere was a minor hit for Prince in the 90’s?  Pink


General Knowledge
Where in the human body would you find the Malleus, the Eustachian tube, and the Cochlea?  Ear
Corn Chowder uses what type of base?  Milk/Cream
The _______ Devil is an animal named after an island state in Australia.  Tasmanian
In the game of golf, an eagle is how many strokes below par?  2
A snow storm with winds of over 35 miles per hour is called a what?  Blizzard
Immediately following the Revolutionary War, Kentucky was still part of which other state?  Virginia
What is the name of the most popularly cultivated and consumed variety of bananas in the world? Cavendish
Which of the following teams plays in the NFL’s NFC East division: New York Jets, New York Giants, or Tennessee Titans?  New York Giants
Magicians are known for pulling what animal out of hats?  Rabbits
What is the only chess piece that can only move diagonally?  Bishop
Philip Schneider married what Oscar winning actor in 2018?  Hilary Swank

Bonus Round
In a science lab, what is measured using an ammeter?  Electrical Current
Édith Cresson became the first female Prime Minister of what country in 1991?  France
What art technique involves applying thick layers of paint to canvas?  Impasto
Kara's Flowers was a Los Angeles based punk-pop band that evolved into what currently famous band?  Maroon 5  
The Sea of Marmara is located entirely within the borders of what country?  Turkey
In medieval England, expectant mothers made what food item, which would be left to mature until the baby was born… and then consumed?  Cheese
Gary Sobers was a famous name in what sport in the 1950’s?  Cricket
Dixieland jazz is associated with what U.S city?  New Orleans
Ugo Cavallero commanded the Army of what country in WWII?  Italy
In what decade did the Busch Gardens theme park open in Florida?  1950s  (1959)



Game 231127F
Game Date: Monday, November 27, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What parent company of Facebook and Instagram was sued by 41 US states on October 24th for allegedly creating addictive content that's harmful to children?  Meta 
Before she married Prince Harry, Meghan Markle was on what TV show that ran from 2011 to 2019?  Suits
In The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, what is the name of Will's wealthy uncle who takes him in?  Uncle Phil / Philip Banks
What rock band, formed in Arizona, had a huge hit in the 1990s with the song “Hey Jealousy”?  The Gin Blossoms
Who was elected Speaker of the US House of Representatives on October 25th?  Mike Johnson
What 2000 film, directed by Ang Lee, is about a young woman who embarks on a dangerous journey to retrieve a stolen sword?  Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon
What was the title of the 1995 hit song by Alanis Morissette that begins with "I want you to know that I'm happy for you /  I wish nothing but the best for you both"?  You Oughta Know
In what country has the US recently opened its northernmost diplomatic station?  Norway
Starring Josh Hutcherson, Freddy Fazbear is an animatronic character in what horror film that opened in theaters on October 27th?  Five Nights at Freddy's
Who is the first (and, so far, only) Disney princess with a visible tattoo?  Pocahontas








General Knowledge
What US President is on the nickel?  Thomas Jefferson
Quicksilver is an old-fashioned name for what metallic element, that is liquid at room temperature?  Mercury
What classic Italian sweet treat, whose name translates to "lift me up", is crafted from coffee-soaked ladyfingers layered with a creamy blend of mascarpone cheese, eggs, and sugar?  Tiramisu
In what city can you find the famous Spanish Steps?  Rome
People who experience the abbreviation FOMO have a fear of what?  FOMO: Fear of Missing Out
What toy came with a name and a birth certificate; it hit stores in 1983 and caused many desperate (and sometimes violent) attempts to purchase?  Cabbage Patch Kids
What is the capital of New Mexico?  Santa Fe
The Gallbladder sits just under what other organ in the human body?  Liver
What is “1% inspiration and 99% perspiration”, according to the Thomas Edison quote?  Genius


Magnetic Fields is a music festival in what Asian country?  India


Bonus Round
Because he developed the first thermoscope, what renowned astronomer is often credited with developing the first thermometer?  Galileo Galilei
In Xena: Warrior Princess, who is Xena's main companion and close friend?  Gabrielle
What was the name of the war that broke out in 1982 between the United Kingdom and Argentina over two British dependent territories?  The Falklands War (aka Falkland Islands War)
What was the name of the NASA rover that collected rock samples from Mars for the first time in 2021?  Perseverance
How many muscles are in a typical cat's ear: A) 9  B) 16  C) 20  D) 32?  Answer: D) 32
Ventnor Avenue, Atlantic Avenue, and __________ make up the yellow properties on a standard Monopoly board.  Answer: Marvin Gardens
Voted the best restaurant in the world for 2019, where is "Noma"?  Copenhagen
Agrippina the Younger was married to what Roman Emperor?  Claudius
Chartreuse is a color somewhere between what two colors? Green and Yellow
Children's books about Pippi Longstocking are set in what country?  Sweden







Game 231128F
Game Date: Tuesday, November 28, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
The phrase "No soup for you!" is a iconic line from what beloved 90s TV series?  Seinfeld
What famous couple hosts the hit Netflix series Love Is Blind?  The Lacheys (Nick & Vanessa)
What Taylor Swift song reached the #1 spot on the Billboard Hot 100 last month—four years after it was originally released?  Cruel Summer
Who played the title character in the medical drama series Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman?  Jane Seymour
What British female singer, known for her deep, expressive vocals, won five Grammy Awards in 2008 including ‘Song of the Year’ for her tune “Rehab”?  Amy Winehouse
What actor, best known for playing the title character in the 1971 film Shaft, passed away on October 24th at the age of 81?  Richard Roundtree
What 1991 action film, starring Keanu Reeves and Patrick Swayze, includes a scene of an epic surf ride, filmed in Hawaii?  Point Break
What New England Patriots head coach recently became the third coach in NFL history with 300 regular season wins?  Bill Belichick
Who portrays Bradley Jackson and stars alongside Jennifer Aniston in the AppleTV+ series The Morning Show?  Reese Witherspoon
What Sesame Street star was tickled with laughter and became a must-have toy?  Elmo





General Knowledge
Do stalagmites hang from the ceiling of a cave or come up from the floor?  Come up from the floor
What still popular family restaurant was launched in the 80s featuring pizza, video games, and a giant rodent mascot?  Chuck E. Cheese
What is the capital of New Jersey?  Trenton
The Kansas City Chiefs beat what team when they won the Super Bowl in February 2023?  Philadelphia Eagles
In the world of pastries, what French term translates to "flash of lightning" and refers to a pastry filled with cream and often topped with chocolate icing?  Éclair
In what city can you find the famous Christ the Redeemer statue?  Rio de Janeiro
What US President is on the half-dollar coin?  John F. Kennedy
The radius and what other bone are found in the forearm of the human body?  Ulna
The caiman is a close relative to what other animal?  Crocodile or Alligator
On a telephone, the numbers * 6 __ can be dialed to return the last call received.  Answer: 9



Dance troupe Diversity won Britain's Got Talent in 2009, what Scottish singer came in second?  Susan Boyle

Bonus Round
Who sung “To Sir With Love” and “The Man With The Golden Gun”?  Lulu
What type of cloud often resembles the shape of a horse's tail and is usually an indicator of fair weather?  Cirrus
The theft of Edvard Munch's painting The Scream took place in what city in 2004?  Oslo
Pennsylvania Avenue, North Carolina Ave, and Pacific Avenue are the three properties of what color on a standard Monopoly board?  Green
What Premier League team was nicknamed ‘The Invincibles’?  Arsenal
Explorer Thor Heyerdahl is from what country?  Norway
Fake Bake and St Tropez are famous brands of what product?  Self-Tanner
What does the 'B' stand for in a DAB radio?  Broadcasting
Arthur K. Melin and Richard Knerr invented what circular item that became a sensation in the ’50s?  Hula Hoop
Who was nicknamed the ‘Yankee Clipper’?  Joe DiMaggio





Game 231129F
Game Date: Wednesday, November 29, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What type of car is used as a time machine in the Back to the Future films?  DeLorean
Velma Kelly and Billy Flynn are characters in what famous musical that is set in the jazz age?  Chicago
Who directed the new film Priscilla, which was released in theaters on October 27th?  Sofia Coppola
What popular 90s band sang “I Want It That Way” and “As Long As You Love Me”?  Backstreet Boys
On October 23rd, what energy giant announced that it had acquired Hess Corporation for $53 billion?  Chevron
Published last month, The Woman in Me is a new memoir from what pop singer?  Britney Spears
In the HBO series The Wire, Avon Barksdale controls the drug trade in what US city?  Baltimore
"Youngblood" was a 2019 hit by what Australian group?  5 Seconds of Summer
Bandersnatch is a 2018 interactive film based off what sci-fi anthology series?  Black Mirror
What famous TV show was about lifeguards patrolling the beaches of California?  Baywatch





General Knowledge
What US President is on the quarter?  George Washington
Lyme Disease can be picked up from the bite of what insect?  Tick
Originating from the Middle East, what dip/spread is crafted mainly from tahini and chickpeas?  Hummus
In what city can you find the famous Trevi fountain?  Rome
What is the capital of New Hampshire?  Concord
What three letter word is a natural rock or sediment that contains one or more valuable minerals?  Ore
The radius is a bone found in what part of the human body?  Forearm
Do stalactites hang from the ceiling of a cave or come up from the floor?  Hang from the ceiling
Macaws, kakapo, lorikeets, and cockatoos are members of what family of birds?  Parrots
En brochette means something cooked in what way?  On a skewer

Police drama Psych is set in what city?  Santa Barbara

Bonus Round
What ancient Greek philosopher is considered the founder of Meteorology for his treatise on weather phenomena in ancient Greece?  Aristotle
On the TV series Roseanne, what is the name of Roseanne and Dan's youngest child?  Jerry
What was the name of the 1969 novel by Kurt Vonnegut that blends the experiences of a WWII soldier with the firebombing of Dresden?  Slaughterhouse-Five
What twin brothers, infamous for their criminal exploits in 1960s London, have been depicted in multiple movies?     The Krays (Ronnie & Reggie)
What outlaw of the Wild West was shot and killed by fellow outlaw Robert Ford in 1882?  Jesse James
In reference to works of art, what does the term provenance mean?  History / ownership
In what year was YouTube first launched?  2005
Connecticut Avenue, Vermont Avenue, and Oriental Avenue are the three properties of what color on a standard Monopoly board?  Light Blue
The Freedom of Information Act was passed by Congress in what decade?  1960s
The 2013 Nobel Prize in Literature was won by what Canadian writer?  Alice Munro




Game 231130F
Game Date: Thursday, November 30, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What singer had a Billboard Hot 100 #1 hit in 2015 with “Cheerleader”?  OMI
Julia Roberts starred alongside Richard Gere in what popular rom-com?  Pretty Woman
On October 20th, the Rolling Stones released their 26th studio album—what is its title?  Hackney Diamonds
Released in 2003, what was the subtitle of the third Lord of the Rings film?  The Return of the King 
What was the name of the 2004 movie where two guys go on a road trip to satisfy their craving for White Castle burgers?  Harold and Kumar Go to White Castle
A collector at an auction recently paid $3.1 million for an X-wing Starfighter model used in what 1977 film?  Star Wars
What iconic rock band released a song in 1996 titled “Boris the Spider”?  The Who
The character of Dr. Frasier Crane, from Frasier, originally appeared on what other TV show?  Cheers
Brad Pitt has been banned from visiting what country for nearly 20 years because of his role in the film Seven Years in Tibet?  China
In the Disney animated film The Princess and the Frog, what color ball gown does Tiana wear?  Green




General Knowledge
What is the term for the calm area at the center of a hurricane?  Eye
What is the capital of Nevada?  Carson City
Back in 2018, Josh McDaniels was announced as the new Head Coach of what AFC team, only to withdraw the same day?  Indianapolis Colts
Transmission of physical/genetic characteristics from parent to child is known as what?  Heredity
Taking its name from the Greek words for "speed" and "measure", what instrument in an automobile shows the rate of rotation of a car engine's crankshaft?  Tachometer
Escargot is a culinary term for what type of creature?  Snail
The largest unfinished church in the world, Sagrada Familia is located in what city?  Barcelona
What US President is on the dime?  Franklin D. Roosevelt
The renal arteries are large blood vessels that carry blood from your heart to what organ?  Kidneys
Iceberg, Romaine, and Butterhead are varieties of what salad ingredient?  Lettuce

Music icon Prince died in April of what year?  2016

Bonus Round
Llamas, alpacas, and vicuñas come from what continent?  South America
Known as the "Oracle of Omaha", who is the chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, a multinational conglomerate holding company?  Warren Buffett
The tennis tournament, the Australian Open, is held in what city?  Melbourne
In technology, what does the acronym "RADAR" stand for?  Radio Detection and Ranging
In the TV series The Nanny, Fran Fine becomes the nanny to the children of what wealthy Broadway producer?  Maxwell Sheffield
What notorious criminal was arrested in 1934 while attending a movie titled Manhattan Melodrama?  John Dillinger
New York Avenue, Tennessee Avenue, and St. James Place are the three properties of what color on a standard Monopoly board?  Orange
The region of the north of Spain and south west of France has what name?  Basque Country
The silkworm is the larva of what sort of insect?  Moth
One of the most powerful 10th century leaders, Emperor Simeon the Great ruled over what country?  Bulgaria



Game 231201F
Game Date: Friday, December 1, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Lady Gaga famously wore a dress made of what to the MTV Video Music Awards in 2010?  Meat
Katy Perry began appearing as a judge on what reality T.V show in 2018?  American Idol
In the HBO series Game of Thrones, who is “Lord of Winterfell and Warden of the North”?  Ned (Eddard) Stark
What singer's 1994 hit “All I Want for Christmas is You” re-entered the U.S. Top 100 on iTunes last month?            Mariah Carey
What character from the Hunger Games trilogy is a main feature in the prequel novel “The Ballad of Songbirds and Snakes”?   President Coriolanus Snow
From the animated series The Powerpuff Girls, what color dress does Blossom wear?  Pink
The legal movie The Pelican Brief stars what actress?  Julia Roberts
Peter Gabriel left what band to begin his solo career?  Genesis
The first four seasons of reality T.V show The Hills was set in what US city?  Los Angeles
Jennifer Lopez dated what rapper in the late 90s?  Diddy (Puff Daddy)

General Knowledge
In the game of horseshoes, what term is used for a throw that completely encircles the stake, scoring three points?  Ringer
People of what occupation live in a monastery?  Monks
What single piece of fruit traditionally tops an Ice Cream Sundae?  Cherry
Michelangelo designed the dome of St Peter's Basilica in what city?  Vatican City
Doctors use what term to mean a growth which is not caused by cancer?  Benign (Non-malignant)
Jackie Robinson made history as the first African-American playing baseball for what team?  Brooklyn Dodgers
Dialysis is used when what organ stops working?  Kidneys
George Washington delivered the first State of the Union address in what month of 1790?  January
The cell body, axon, and dendrite are all parts of a what?  Neuron
In Greek mythology what goddesses or spirits inspired the arts?  Muses
What is the first name of the character played by Rhea Perlman in the T.V series Cheers?  Carla

Bonus Round
What actor is believed to be the first star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame; if not the actual fist star, she was at least the first actor pictured with the star?  Joanne Woodward
If you are described as febrile, what do you have?  Fever
What are the names of the two twins in the constellation, Gemini?  Castor & Pollux
From the Spanish for "little pod", what flavoring is derived from a type of orchid and remains one of the most expensive spices in the world?  Vanilla
Nils Dacke led a 16th century peasant revolt in what country?  Sweden
Rockhopper and Chinstrap are species of what bird?  Penguin
Originally called the Pelican, what was the name of the ship captained by Francis Drake in his circumnavigation of the world between 1577 and 1580?  Golden Hind
In Shakespeare's A Winter's Tale, Leontes is king of what island?  Sicily
Dipsomania is a wild unrelenting craving for what?  Alcohol
Located in Foxborough, Massachusetts, Gillette Stadium was originally known as what?  CMGI Field



Game 231203F
Game Date: Sunday, December 3rd, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Blake Lively met future husband - Ryan Reynolds - on the set of what film?  The Green Lantern
One sister is the lead singer of the rock band Heart. The other is a guitarist for the rock band Heart.  What is the last name of these sisters?  Wilson (Ann and Nancy)
What brand had the ad campaign slogan of: "Makes quitting suck less"?  Nicorette
Rishi Sunak passed his one year anniversary on October 25th as the Prime Minister of what country?  United Kingdom
Beyoncé was the lead singer of what girl group from 1990-2006?  Destiny’s Child
Benedict Cumberbatch once played what fictional detective?  Sherlock Holmes
Who has been the host of long-running TV game show Family Feud since September of 2010?  Steve Harvey
What actor and comedian, known for his Emmy-winning guest role as Beverley Leslie on Will & Grace, passed away last year at the age of 67?  Leslie Jordan
In the 2002 film Scooby-Doo who played Daphne?  Sarah-Michelle Gellar
Jonathan and Jordan of New Kids on the Block had what surname?  Knight





General Knowledge
What is the name of the constellation also known as “The Hunter”?  Orion
What type of race is the Tour de France?  Bicycle
In reference to meat, the lower neck and upper shoulder of a cow is referred to as the what?  Chuck
What general term is used to describe particles smaller than an atom?  Subatomic
Disneyland theme park is located in what U.S state?  California
In soccer, what body part cannot be used to touch the ball; by any player other than the goalie?  Hands/Arms
In reference to light, what does UV stand for?  Ultraviolet
Who was Ronald Reagan's Vice President, elected in 1980?  George H.W. Bush
Sports brand Fila comes from what country?  Italy
Besides the palms of our hands, which other body part has an extra layer of skin - making it the thickest skin on the human body?  Soles of the feet

The 1996 movie Tin Cup is about what sport?  Golf

Bonus Round
What high-protein diet, created by biochemist Barry Sears, reduces calories and is designed to avoid spikes in insulin release?  Zone diet
George Milton and Lennie Small are the main characters in what novel published in 1937?  Of Mice and Men
‘That's All, Brother’ was the name of the aircraft that led the formation of 800 planes for the D-Day airborne landings in Normandy in what year?  1944
Hatha, Jnana, Ashtanta, and Bikram are all branches of what activity?  Yoga
Of the six official languages of the United Nations, which two are the last alphabetically?  Russian & Spanish 
Who is the only person to win the Heisman Trophy twice?  Archie Griffin
What element gets its name from the physicist who discovered X-rays?  Roentgenium
‘Baldwin of Boulogne’ was crowned as the first king of what Middle Eastern city in 1100?  Jerusalem
What type of major weather event is measured on the Saffir Simpson scale?  Hurricanes
CWL is the international airport code for an airport in what European city?  Cardiff (Wales)

Game 231204F
Game Date: Monday, December 4, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What theme park company announced a $8 billion merger with Cedar Fair last month?  Six Flags
The 1984 novel The Hunt for Red October, featuring the character Jack Ryan, was the debut novel of what author? Tom Clancy 
In Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2, who portrayed Ego (Star-Lord's father) with whom Star-Lord has an epic battle?  Kurt Russell
Who narrates the TV series Young Sheldon?  Jim Parsons
What auto company recently announced it is recalling more than 1.8 million RAV4 vehicles due to issues with replacement batteries?  Toyota 
After David Caruso left the show four episodes into its second season, who joined the cast of NYPD Blue as Bobby Simone?  Jimmy Smits
What NBA player, one of the greatest shooting guards in history, was traded to the Los Angeles Clippers this past Halloween?  James Harden 
What is the name of the female lead in Disney’s 1996 animated film The Hunchback of Notre Dame?  Esmeralda
Who had hit songs with "I Kissed a Girl" and "Hot and Cold"?  Katy Perry
Who played Serena van der Woodsen in the TV series Gossip Girl?  Blake Lively

General Knowledge
What color is a direct compliment to purple on the color wheel?  Yellow
A sailor in ancient Greece who hoped for safe sea travel would have prayed to what Greek god?  Poseidon
Who assassinated US President Abraham Lincoln in 1865?  John Wilkes Booth
Maple syrup is one of the national delicacies of what country; 80% of the world’s supply is created here?  Canada
Found in a classic Greek salad, what cheese is made from sheep's milk and is often served grilled?  Feta
What is the FULL term for when a baby is delivered through an incision made in the mother's abdomen?  Cesarean (section/birth)
Although they are often used interchangeably, what other term besides anime is used to describe Japanese comics and graphic novels?  Manga
What medical condition is defined as a dangerous loss of body heat?  Hypothermia
What type of milk has the lowest fat content?  Skim Milk
Piste is the name given to the narrow strip along which two opponents compete in what sport?  Fencing
Who won an Oscar for ‘Best Actress’ in 2020 for her role in Judy?  Renée Zellweger

Bonus Round
Mace is the term for the outer coating of what nut?  Nutmeg
Nebraska was bought by the US in 1803 from what country?  France
What is the term for a warm wind that descends the eastern slope of the Rocky Mountains?  Chinook
What then-Attorney General of the United States appeared on the Time magazine cover on July 12, 1993?            Janet Reno
Jacob Zuma led the ANC to victory in what country's 2009 election?  South Africa
What is the highest possible break in a game of snooker?  147 (said as 1-4-7)
During WWII, the former King Edward VIII was governor of what Caribbean country?  Bahamas
In what US state was a beach famously closed in 1988 because of medical waste washing ashore?  New York
Pedro Ximenez is a famous brand of what specific type of Spanish wine?  Sherry
In the famous poem by Samuel Taylor Coleridge, “The Rime of the Ancient Mariner”, what bird is featured as a metaphor?  Albatross




Game 231205F
Game Date: Tuesday, December 5, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Released in 1995, what was the first feature film by Pixar?  Toy Story
Who was named MVP of the 2023 World Series last month? Corey Seager
Willem Defoe played the part of what villain in the 2002 superhero film Spiderman?  Green Goblin/Norman Osborn
Who stars in the Hunger Games movies as Effie Trinket?  Elizabeth Banks
The song "Youngblood" was a hit for what group in 2018?  5 Seconds of Summer
The Hellbrunn Palace in Salzburg, Austria, is home to the iconic gazebo featured in what 1965 movie musical?        The Sound of Music
What Magic Mike actor/dancer reportedly got engaged to Zoë Kravitz last month?  Channing Tatum
What band had a hit in the 1980s with “We’re Not Gonna Take It”?  Twisted Sister
In 2003, Trista Rehn became the first star of what reality television dating game show?  The Bachelorette
Who was Danny de Vito's unlikely fraternal twin in the 1988 movie Twins?  Arnold Schwarzenegger 


General Knowledge
What color is a direct compliment to blue on the color wheel?  Orange
What is the longest bone in the human body?  Femur (thigh bone)
What is the length of each period AND how many periods are there in a regular season NHL hockey game?                      Three, 20 minute periods
What Cuban cocktail is made with white rum, sugar, lime juice, soda water, and fresh mint?  Mojito
In the Stephen King novel Christine, what was Christine?  A car
Hash Browns are made from what starchy vegetable?  Potato
Who is the most decorated Olympian of all time?  Michael Phelps
Roe, red, and fallow are species of what European mammal?  Deer
What part of a flower becomes the fruit?  Ovary
“Scarface” is the nickname of what infamous gangster?  Al Capone


Whose debut album is Divinely Uninspired to a Hellish Extent?  Lewis Capaldi

Bonus Round
Quinsy is a condition that causes inflammation in what part of the body?  Throat/Tonsils
Who wrote the old mathematical books On the Measurement of a Circle, On the Sphere and Cylinder, and On the Equilibrium of Planes?  Archimedes
The notorious crime lord known as "El Chapo" headed what drug cartel?  Sinaloa Cartel
In what European city could you visit the Pergamon Museum?  Berlin
How many steps are there to the top of the Leaning Tower of Pisa: ANSWER WILL BE ACCEPTED WITHIN TEN?  Answer: 294 (acceptable answers between 284 to 304)
Also known as the superscript dot, what is the term for the dot at the top of an i or j ?  Tittle
In what country was environmental charity Greenpeace founded?  Canada
In what year did Amazon launch the Kindle e-reader?  2007
Who is the coach of the San Antonio Spurs who has led them to all five of their NBA championships?  Gregg Popovich
Name two of the three films, released in 2011, 2013 and 2016, that starred both Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling?       Crazy, Stupid, Love (2011), Gangster Squad (2013), or La La Land (2016)




Game 231206F
Game Date: Wednesday, December 6, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What pet do the Stark children have in the HBO series Game of Thrones?  Direwolf
What former Vice President of the United States suspended his campaign for the 2024 Republican presidential nomination last month?  Mike Pence 
What classic 1980 slasher film takes place at Camp Crystal Lake?  Friday the 13th 
What superhero team did Wolverine join after his showdown with the Hulk in the comic series?  X-Men
What is the name of the fictional paper and office supplies wholesale company featured in the American television series The Office?  Dunder Mifflin (Paper Company, Inc.)
In what 1998 film do we see Ben Affleck and Bruce Willis attempting to stop an asteroid from colliding with Earth? Armageddon 
Billed as the final song from the group, what Beatles track (using a John Lennon demo from 1977) was released on November 2nd?  Now and Then 
What is the most recent feature film that has been released by Pixar?  Elemental
Who played Professor Robert Langdon in the 2006 film The Da Vinci Code?  Tom Hanks
What singer had a backing band called ‘The Blackhearts’?  Joan Jett

General Knowledge
What color is a direct compliment to green on the color wheel?  Red
What is second longest bone in the human body?  The Tibia (Shin Bone)
Originating from Spain, what cold soup made from tomatoes, peppers, cucumbers, and onions is a refreshing summer favorite?  Gazpacho
What element has the chemical symbol H?  Hydrogen
Jeff Kinney wrote children's novels about what ‘type’ of kid?  Wimpy
What is the name of the trophy awarded to the Super Bowl champion?  Vince Lombardi Trophy
Trade across the Sahara desert was made possible by what animal?  Camel
Where in the human body would you find the alveoli?  The lungs
Traditionally, a chandler made and sold what item?  Candles
What type of milk has the highest fat content?  Whole

William James Adams is the birth name of what artist?  will.i.am

Bonus Round
In what year was the Apple iPod released?  2001
What instrument is used to measure humidity in the air?  Hygrometer
What criminal, dubbed the "Night Stalker", terrorized California residents during the mid-1980s?  Richard Ramirez
Daimyo was the name for a powerful landowner in the history of what country?  Japan
The wavy line which goes above the n in some Spanish words has what name?  Tilde
Name one of the two most successful jockeys in the history of the Kentucky Derby; they each have five wins?       Eddie Arcaro or Bill Hartack
Dulles airport opened for business in what US city in 1962?  Washington D.C
How many astronauts made up the crew of Skylab 4?  3
What famous scientist got a new job at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey in 1933?           Albert Einstein
What is the only venomous snake found in the UK?  Adder



Game 231207F
Game Date: Thursday, December 7, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What series was adapted from a book called A Song of Ice and Fire?  Game of Thrones
What retired college basketball coach, nicknamed "The General”, passed away on November 1st at the age of 83?   Bob Knight
What singer had a hit in 2014 with "Thinking out Loud"?  Ed Sheeran
In Avengers: Endgame, what character delivers the final snap, ending Thanos’ reign of terror?  Iron Man
Sam Bankman-Fried was found guilty of fraud last month for his role in what cryptocurrency exchange?  FTX
Who created the 2018 animated series Disenchantment?  Matt Groening
What future queen of Spain celebrated her 18th birthday on October 31st, by swearing an oath to the country's constitution at a formal ceremony in Madrid?  Princess Leonor 
In the 1997 Disney animated film Hercules, what is the name of Hercules’ love interest?  Megara
What singer had a backing band called ‘the Crickets’?  Buddy Holly
What term is used to describe the music of bands like Nirvana and Pearl Jam that emerged from Seattle?  Grunge



General Knowledge
What is the most common blood type in the world?  O+
Jackass and Rockhopper are species of what bird?  Penguin
How many goals are needed to score a ‘hat trick’ in hockey?  3
The crime spree of what infamous couple came to a violent end in a police ambush in 1934?  Bonnie and Clyde
Used in brewing, what ingredient adds bitterness and aroma to beer?  Hops
When fully grown, what animal has larger ears—the African elephant or the Asian elephant? African elephant 
In the Charles Dickens novel A Tale of Two Cities, fill-in-the-blank on the famous quote: “It was the worst of times, _________________________, it was the age of wisdom”.  Answer: It was the best of times
Who holds the record for the most home runs in an MLB career?  Barry Bonds
English, French, and Dijon are varieties of what condiment?  Mustard
In what US state does the Coachella music festival take place?  California



Who voiced Scarlet Overkill in the Minions movie?  Sandra Bullock

Bonus Round
What is the capital city of the Cayman Islands?  George Town
Machiavelli's book on the art of political leadership, published in 1532, has what name?  The Prince
Smith-Corona and Underwood were some of the companies showcasing their goods at a St. Louis World's Fair exhibit dedicated to what machines?  Typewriters 
Who succeeded Tony Blair as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in 2007?  Gordon Brown 
What is the name for the punctuation ?! ?  Interrobang
William Wallace defeated the English in a battle at what city's Bridge?  Stirling
Leffe is a famous beer brand from what country?  Belgium
With what singer did shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis have a notorious affair in the 1950s?  Maria Callas
Zip codes were introduced in the US in what decade?  1960s
Civil rights campaigner Frederick Douglass was from what US state?  Maryland


Game 231210F
Game Date: Sunday, December 10, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Friday December 1st was the beginning of opening weekend for Renaissance: A Film by what legendary pop star? Renaissance: A Film by Beyonce
Who is "Unbreakable" in the title of the comedy T.V series?  Kimmy Schmidt
What videogame studio is behind titles such as Grand Theft Auto, Red Dead Redemption, and L.A. Noire?  Rockstar Games
What boyband released albums called No Strings Attached and Celebrity?  NSYNC
In the 2011 film Just Go With It, what actress plays the loyal assistant to Adam Sandler’s plastic surgeon character?  Jennifer Aniston
From the animated series The Powerpuff Girls, what color dress does Buttercup wear?  Green
Said to be short for “Charisma”, what internet slang term has been named Oxford Dictionary’s 2023 Word of the Year?  
What Disney movie used the tagline "We scare because we care"?  Monsters, Inc.
Reality T.V show 16 And Pregnant originally aired on what channel?  MTV
Who directed the fantasy movie Edward Scissorhands?  Tim Burton

General Knowledge
What canine represents over 30 colleges including Bryant University, Yale & the University of Georgia?  Bulldog
What Central American country's name is Spanish for "rich coast"?  Costa Rica
What famous writer published The Old Man and the Sea in September of 1952?  Ernest Hemingway
Lime, tequila, and triple sec combine to make what cocktail?  Margarita
In?  To
In what U.S state did the battles of Lexington and Concord take place?  Massachusetts
An American Dirt Cake contains what type of gummy candy?  Gummy Worms
Lou Gehrig was famous in what sport?  Baseball
Medoc is a wine growing region in what country?  France
Portuguese Man-Of-War is a species often mistaken for what marine creature?  Jellyfish


Actor Renee Zellweger is from what U.S state?  Texas

Bonus Round
Who were the two members of the Jackson Five with the initials 'J. J.'?  Jermaine & Jackie
What term is given to the mental health condition where a person feels an overpowering, irresistible urge to steal things?  Kleptomania 
The Up Helly Aa Fire Festival takes place in what country every January?  Scotland
What Greek shipping magnate purchased a decommissioned British naval vessel in 1954 and spent $4 million converting it into a superyacht he named ‘The Christina’?  Aristotle Onassis
Before he became Governor of California and President of the United States, Ronald Reagan was the President of what union?  Screen Actors Guild
In what decade did Muammar Gaddafi lead a coup to overthrow the monarchy of Libya?  1960s (1969)
Mute, Bewick's, and Whooper are British varieties of what bird?  Swan
The Franklin Mint produced a version of Scrabble with 24k gold tiles in what year?  1992
Toussaint Louverture is considered the father of what nation?  Haiti
On a Western saddle, the metal grip is known as either a pommel or a what?  Horn


Game 231211F
Game Date: Monday, December 11, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who was posthumously inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame last month by his former Wham! bandmate Andrew Ridgeley?  George Michael 
“Enter Alexis” was the name of the Season 2 premiere of what primetime soap opera?  Dynasty
What singer had hits with "Frozen" and "Hung Up"?  Madonna
On the Nickelodeon series Dora the Explorer, what was the name of Dora's monkey sidekick?  Boots
What commercial real estate company, co-founded by Adam Neumann, filed for bankruptcy on November 6th?  WeWork 
What was the name of the lion in The Chronicles of Narnia by C.S. Lewis?  Aslan
Who played Cory Matthews in the TV series Boy Meets World?  Ben Savage
The superhero Spider-Man has two love interests portrayed in different versions of his story: Mary Jane Watson and who?  Gwen Stacy
”December 1963 (Oh, What a Night)" is a nostalgic song from what musical group?  Four Seasons
The 1998 war film Saving Private Ryan was directed by whom?  Steven Spielberg




General Knowledge
What do spelunkers explore?  Caves
What is the name of the scale used to measure the spiciness of peppers?  Scoville
Spiders tend to be at their largest and most active during what two seasons of the year?  Summer & Fall
The original version of what breakfast drink was said to contain only vodka and tomato juice?  Bloody Mary
Rubeola is another name for what disease?  Measles
What company produces the Echo and Alexa devices?  Amazon
What chemical element is found in bones, shells, and teeth?  Calcium
What Irish novelist's best known work is the 1922 Ulysses?  James Joyce
What purple precious gem is the birthstone for February?  Amethyst
What part of a rabbit is considered to be lucky?  Foot

Who directed thriller movie Strangers on a Trail?  Alfred Hitchcock

Bonus Round
Eupepsia is the medical term for ease with what bodily process?  Digestion
A controversial road opened in 2011 connecting Brazil with what other country?  Peru
The Live Aid benefit concert was held simultaneously at Wembley Stadium in London and JFK Stadium in Philadelphia in what year?  1985
Xerxes was an ancient ruler of what empire?  Persia
In the 2016 film Suicide Squad, Cara Delevingne played the part of what supernatural entity that the Squad confronts in Midway City?  Enchantress
What is the longest river in France?  Loire
In the Harry Potter series, what spell is commonly used for unlocking?  Alohomora
Brent, Canada, and Tundra Bean are varieties of what sort of bird?  Geese
Throughout most of the 1960s who was US Secretary of Defense?  Robert McNamara
The 1992 Charlottetown Accord involved amendments to the constitution of what country?  Canada


Game 231212F
Game Date: Tuesday, December 12, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who is the lead vocalist of Maroon 5?  Adam Levine
What ice cream company, known for its "31 flavors”, recently announced a new Thanksgiving-inspired flavor called "Turkey Day Fixin’s"?  Baskin-Robbins
"The Music of the Night" and "All I Ask of You" are songs from what musical?  Phantom of the Opera
In Thor: Ragnarok, what fellow Avenger does Thor face in a gladiatorial contest on the planet Sakaar?  Hulk
The Sacha Baron Cohen character Borat is said to be from what country?  Kazakhstan
On November 9th, what Oscar-winning actor became the first person to ever legally climb to the top of the Empire State Building?  Jared Leto 
Lady Gaga's name was inspired by the song “Radio Ga Ga” by what band?  Queen
Although Jim Carrey portrayed Olaf in the 2004 film A Series of Unfortunate Events, who portrayed him in the 2017 Netflix TV series?  Neil Patrick Harris
"There's no place like home" is a famous line from what movie?  The Wizard of Oz
Who stars as the main character Larry Daley in the Night at the Museum movies?  Ben Stiller



General Knowledge

In taxonomy, the species under the genus Bombus are all types of what insect? Bumblebees
The assassination of what Austrian Archduke in 1914 is often cited as the spark for World War I?  Franz Ferdinand
Wisdom teeth are also known as what number molar?  Third
An injection of what drug is the usual first treatment for anaphylactic shock?  Adrenaline (Epinephrine)
An open rebellion against the proper authorities, especially by soldiers or sailors against their officers is known as what?  Mutiny
What brand calls itself the "King of Beers"?  Budweiser
What color is associated with cowardice?  Yellow
What company makes PlayStation consoles?  Sony (Interactive Entertainment)
What fabric is made by applying moisture, pressure, and heat to wool (or other pre-woven fabrics)?  Felt
The island of Hispaniola is split between Haiti and what other country?  Dominican Republic


Who played Tony Nelson in the TV series I Dream of Jeannie?  Larry Hagman

Bonus Round
On what continent did the ostrich originate?  Africa
In the 1980s, what televangelist was embroiled in a scandal involving hush money paid to church secretary Jessica Hahn?  Jim Bakker
What is the name of the hooked staff that a bishop might carry?  Crosier (Crozier)
Leonardo DiCaprio finally won an Academy Award in what year?  2016
On top of what organ in the body are the adrenal glands located?  Kidneys
The Mau Mau uprising was a rebellion in what country in 1960?  Kenya
Biochemists Francis Crick and Jim Watson revealed the structure of the DNA molecule after taking data and work from what British biophysicist without her knowledge?  Rosalind Franklin
The Koh-i-Noor is a famous example of what type of precious stone?  Diamond
The Malay words for "human of the forest" is the name for what primate?  Orangutan
What restaurant chain did David Thomas create in 1969?  Wendy’s



Game 231213F
Game Date: Wednesday, December 13, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who featured with Jennifer Lopez on the 2011 hit song "On The Floor"?  Pitbull
Who adopts the persona of Dorothy Michaels in the movie Tootsie?  Michael Dorsey
On television, what type of animal was Rin Tin Tin?  Dog
What actor, known for his role as "McDreamy" on Grey's Anatomy, was recently named People magazine's "Sexiest Man Alive" for 2023?  Patrick Dempsey 
Who is the mastermind villain behind the superhero showdown in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice?  Lex Luthor
What iconic song by Creedence Clearwater Revival contains the lyrics, "Oh I left a good job in the city, workin' for the man every night and day"?  Proud Mary
James Earl Jones is the voice of Mufasa in what Disney animated film?  The Lion King
On December 6th, what city hosted the fourth GOP debate of the Republican candidates for the 2024 US presidential election?  Tuscaloosa
What Marvel Cinematic Universe film starring Brie Larson recently hit theaters?  The Marvels 
Who played Troy in the teen movie High School Musical?  Zac Efron




General Knowledge
The metacarpal bones are located in what part of the human body?  Hand
What 3 letter word is something you wear around your neck, and a kind of snake?  Boa
What dessert consists of ice cream and cake topped with browned meringue?  Baked Alaska
The unicorn is the national animal of what country?  Scotland
What designer launched the Polo label in 1967?  Ralph Lauren
What is an ocarina?  A musical instrument
What boxer famously said "When you are as great as I am, it's hard to be humble"?  Muhammad Ali
Colonel Sanders is the face of what fast food chain?  KFC
How many main layers (or subdivisions) of the human skin are there?  Three
In what decade was Ronald Reagan shot by John Hinckley Jr. in an attempted assassination?  1980s


Who directed 50’s thriller Dial M for Murder?  Alfred Hitchcock

Bonus Round
In 1942, Mayor Fiorello LaGuardia outlawed pinball in what US city?  New York City
The Chilean Pine is also known as the ___________ puzzle tree?  Monkey
A cell containing only one set of chromosomes is called what?  Haploid
What was the name of the UK regional airline that collapsed at the beginning of March 2020?  Flybe
In what year was Assassin's Creed Odyssey released for PlayStation?  2018
Lipoedema is a condition where which substance builds up in the body?  Fat
Which of Henry VIII's wives gave birth to Elizabeth I?  Anne Boleyn
What country suffered the devastating 1951 floods in the Manchuria region?  China
What is the French delicacy of "cuisses de grenouille”?  Frog’s Legs
The Battle of Alma took place in 1854 at the beginning of what war?  Crimean War


Game 231214F
Game Date: Thursday, December 14, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What's the name of the AI chatbot launched last month by Elon Musk?  Grok
What pop singer's sister was the star of the Nickelodeon TV show Zoey 101?  Britney Spears
What popular character is known as the “The Boy Who Lived” and has a lightning bolt scar on his forehead?  Harry Potter
Played by Michael Keaton, what renowned villain did Spider-Man need to defeat to save New York in Spider-Man: Homecoming?  The Vulture
What comedian's star on the Walk of Fame is located outside an adult store as a reference to his role as Austin Powers?  Mike Myers
What planet was recently featured in a viral NASA photo showing swirling clouds and storms resembling a spooky face?  Jupiter 
What member of the Kardashian family welcomed her first child with rock drummer Travis Barker last month? Kourtney Kardashian
What female musical artist starred in the movie A Star is Born in 2018?  Lady Gaga
What Pokémon starred as a detective in a 2019 movie?  Pikachu
What singer was a judge on the reality singing competition American Idol between 2002 and 2009?  Paula Abdul



General Knowledge
What Japanese delicacy, often served as sashimi, is poisonous if not prepared correctly?  Fugu (Pufferfish)
What drawing toy that uses two knobs to create images from aluminum powder went on sale on July 12, 1960?     Etch-A-Sketch
What is the only letter that does not appear in any US state name?  Q
What crime is defined as betraying your country?  Treason
A type of protein produced by the body to help fight off antigens is known as what?  Antibody
What term is given to the act of granting an advantage, privilege, or position to relatives or close friends in an occupation?  Nepotism
What was the name given to a professional fighter in Ancient Rome?  Gladiator
What color compass is in the title of a Philip Pullman novel?  Gold (Golden)
What internet search engine used a butler in its advertising and query bars?  Ask Jeeves
What river forms the border between Texas and Mexico?  Rio Grande


What comedian won the first series of Celebrity Big Brother (UK)?  Jack Dee

Bonus Round
NH3 is the chemical formula for what compound?  Ammonia
The annual Mermaid Parade festival takes place in what US state?  New York
Occurring in 2012, what country had the worst power outage in world history, affecting 620 million people?  India 
Robert Todd was the first child of what US President?  Abraham Lincoln
Noor Al Hussein was a Queen of what Middle Eastern country until 1999?  Jordan
Pneumonectomy is the partial or total removal of what organ in the body?  Lung
In what year was the Mario Bros. arcade game first released?  1983
The Bay of Biscay is an area of the Atlantic between France and what other country?  Spain
What boat set sail to America at the same time as the Mayflower?  Speedwell
The first ATM was used by what bank in the 1960s?  Barclays

Game 231217F
Game Date: Sunday, December 17, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
The title of the somber 2003 film 21 Grams refers to the supposed weight of what?  The soul
Jon Stewart, Natalie Portman, and Gloria Estefan all have degrees in what field?  Psychology
What is the name of the sequel to Pixar’s Monsters, Inc.?  Monsters University
The first trailer for what long-awaited Rockstar Games title was leaked on December 4th?  Grand Theft Auto VI
What actor was recently named by People magazine as the "Sexiest Man Alive" for 2023?  Patrick Dempsey
Brandon Flowers is the lead singer of what Las Vegas rock band?  The Killers
In the 2008 film Taken, which of Liam Neeson's family members has been kidnapped?  His Daughter
Me, Myself and Irene, Dumb and Dumber, and Yes Man are all movies starring what actor?  Jim Carrey
What group sang "Eye of the Tiger" in the Rocky movies?  Survivor
What shortstop was named MVP of the 2023 World Series?  Corey Seager

General Knowledge
What term means a movie following the life of a person?  Biopic or Biography
Per team, how many basketball players can be on the court at the same time?  5
Swatch watches were invented in what country in 1983?  Switzerland
Ursus arctos horribilis is the scientific name for what famous subspecies of the brown bear?  Grizzly bear
Mandible is another name for what bone?  Jaw
What boxer inflicted Muhammad Ali’s first defeat in professional boxing?  Joe Frasier
On Feb. 11, 1990, what political leader was released from Victor Verster Prison in South Africa?  Nelson Mandela
Tabasco sauce is made with peppers, salt, and what?  Vinegar
What American challenger beat Boris Spassky for the 1972 World Chess Championship title?  Bobby Fischer
Theology is the study of what?  Religion
Who stars as Marshal Will Kane in the 1952 classic western High Noon?  Gary Cooper

Bonus Round
Global wind belts that blow from the same direction over the same sections of the Earth throughout the year are known as what?  Prevailing Winds
What color square would you find in the center of Moscow?  Red
The USS Constitution earned what nickname after British vessels failed to sink it during a War of 1812 battle?          Old Ironsides
Of all the orbiters from NASA’s Space Shuttle program that entered space, name two out of the three that began with a consonant?  Challenger, Columbia, or Discovery
People with dysphagia struggle to do what?  Swallow
What was polar explorer Robert Scott's middle name?  Falcon
In 2008, when filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, what company cited $639 billion in assets and started global uncertainty?  Lehman Brothers
What WWII strategy board game was published in 1981?  Axis & Allies
What English town were Shakespeare's "merry wives" from?  Windsor
Eighteen carat rose gold has what other metal added to it?  Copper



Game 231218F
Game Date: Monday, December 18, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What 2005 superhero film was directed by Christopher Nolan and rebooted a franchise with a darker tone?        Batman Begins
What Hindu festival of lights was celebrated around the world last month?  Diwali
In the 2004 film Mean Girls, what song do ‘The Plastics’ perform as a risqué routine in front of their school?           Jingle Bell Rock
Who is the main villain in Disney’s 1989 animated film The Little Mermaid?  Ursula
On November 16th, thousands of employees of what coffee chain staged a one-day strike deemed by some as the "Red Cup Rebellion"?  Starbucks
In the book and film adaptations, Dr. Seuss's character ‘The Grinch’ attempts to steal Christmas from what unsuspecting town?  Whoville
What former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom took office on November 13, 2023, as the U.K.'s new foreign secretary?  David Cameron
What pop star kissed Madonna onstage during the 2003 MTV Video Music Awards, causing a media frenzy?      Britney Spears
From what 1997 epic film does the quote "I'm the king of the world!" hail?  Titanic
What animated television family has a pet greyhound named Santa’s Little Helper?  The Simpsons





General Knowledge
In the Bible’s New Testament, Jesus is said to have turned water into what other drink?  Wine
Cape Canaveral, site of the Apollo launches, was named after what US President until 1973?  John F. Kennedy
What is the term for a word that is spelled the same forwards and backwards?  Palindrome
What Christmas decoration was originally made from strands of silver?  Tinsel
What is the capital of North Carolina?  Raleigh
What popular brunch cocktail combines champagne and orange juice?  Mimosa (aka Buck's Fizz)
In Charles Dickens' novel A Christmas Carol, what was the first name of Scrooge?  Ebenezer
How many nights does Hanukkah last?  8
What is the name for a triangle with two equal angles?  Isosceles
At 17 wins, two NBA teams are tied for the most championship titles -- who are they?  Boston Celtics & LA Lakers

The 1969 album Let it Bleed was by what rock band?  The Rolling Stones

Bonus Round
According to Guinness World Records, what is the best selling Christmas song of all time?  White Christmas
What moon, being the largest one orbiting Saturn, shares its name with a character from mythology?  Titan
In 2014, 900,000 ceramic poppies were installed at what London landmark?  The Tower of London
In the symbolic candles of Kwanzaa, what color is the center candle that represents Umoja (unity)?  Black
In what South American country would you find Ciudad Evita, established in 1947 and named in honor of the country's then-First Lady?  Argentina
What chemical element takes its name from the Greek word for color?  Chromium
Known as “The father of the United Nations”, who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1945?  Cordell Hull
The world's largest moth is found on what continent?  Australia
The Parker Pen Co. uses what symbol as its logo?  Arrow
In the movie Elf, what was the first rule of ‘The Code of Elves’?  Treat every day like Christmas


Game 231219F
Game Date: Tuesday, December 19, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
What television show that debuted in 2004 follows the survivors of Oceanic Flight 815?  Lost
In Charles Dickens’ A Christmas Carol, what character said “God bless us, every one!”?  Tiny Tim
On November 15th, US president Joe Biden met with Chinese president Xi Jinping at an estate in what US state?  California
Who is the main villain in Disney’s 1953 animated film Peter Pan?  Captain Hook
What fast food chain recently partnered with Crocs for a collection of shoes inspired by such characters as Grimace and the Hamburglar?  McDonald's
What former SNL cast member sings the famous “Chanukah Song”?  Adam Sandler
Last month, a Taylor Swift t-shirt was projected onto what famous statue in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil?                         Christ the Redeemer
What was the name of the infamous reality TV show that premiered in 2003 featuring Tyra Banks and aspiring models?  America's Next Top Model
What pop group, featuring Nick Lachey, gained popularity in the late '90s and continued to chart into the early 2000s with romantic ballads like “I Do (Cherish You)” and “The Hardest Thing"? 98 Degrees
With the same initials as Santa Claus, what was the real name of the character Tim Allen plays in the film The Santa Clause?  Scott Calvin





General Knowledge
What term is used for the meat of a calf?  Veal
Frosty the Snowman has a corncob pipe, a button nose, and two eyes made out of what?  Coal
At 24 championship titles, what NHL team has the most Stanley Cup wins?  Montreal Canadiens
The branch of science concerned with the study of poisons and their effects is called what?  Toxicology
How do you say ‘Merry Christmas’ in Spanish?  Feliz Navidad
What historic city is said to be built on seven hills?  Rome
What are you supposed to do when you find yourself under the mistletoe?  Kiss 
At what specific location was Queen Elizabeth II crowned?  Westminster Abbey
What animal group do Koalas belong to?  Marsupial
What is the capital of New York?  Albany

The 1981 TV series Dynasty is set in what US city?  Denver

Bonus Round
Discovered in 1901, what virus is widely considered to be the first human virus ever discovered?  Yellow Fever
In the movie It's A Wonderful Life, what happened every time a bell rang?  An angel gets its wings
The Titanic embarked on its fateful maiden voyage in what year?  1912
You can find a town named after the mother of Imelda Marcos in what country?  The Philippines 
Most historians believe that Eggnog was created in what country?  UK
What is the name of the center candle in the menorah; the candle that is used to light all the other candles for Chanukah?  Shamash
The Veyron is a model of car from what company?  Bugatti
In 1904, Chris Watson resigned as Prime Minister of what country?  Australia
In 2012, what famous British record label went bust?  EMI Records
What length is equivalent to 0.9144 meters?  A yard




Game 231220F
Game Date: Wednesday, December 20, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
In 2003, OutKast had everyone shaking it "like a Polaroid picture,“ with what song?  Hey Ya!
In the 2000 film How the Grinch Stole Christmas, what is the name of the Grinch's love interest?  Martha May
A chilling proposition from a mob boss, what 1972 film features the line "I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse”?  The Godfather
What popular app was banned by Nepal last month due to its disruption of "social harmony"?  TikTok
Who is the main villain in Disney’s 1994 animated film The Lion King?  Scar
What driver won the 2023 NASCAR Cup Series last month?  Ryan Blaney
What pop singer has been referred to as the ‘Queen of Christmas’ and actually sought out a trademark for the name – although she ultimately was denied her request?  Mariah Carey
Recently releasing the prequel film, what was the first title of the dystopian book series by Suzanne Collins that began in 2008?  The Hunger Games
In what 1995 Scottish historical drama does the lead character shout "Freedom!" as his final act of defiance?  Braveheart
In the TV series F.R.I.E.N.D.S, what animal does Ross dress up as to teach his son about Chanukah?  Armadillo


General Knowledge
How many times does Santa check his naughty and nice list?  Twice (2x)
The Zodiac sign Sagittarius is for those with birthdays in a portion of November and what other month?  December  
Discovered in 1799, what is the name of the artifact that was key to deciphering Egyptian hieroglyphs?  Rosetta Stone
Chanukah is often referred to as the Festival of  ________.  Answer: Lights
Nine reindeer pull Santa’s sleigh -- what three have names that start with the letter ‘D’?  Dasher, Dancer, & Donner
What is the capital of Missouri?  Jefferson City
With six Super Bowl titles each, what two NFL teams are tied for having the most?                                                     New England Patriots & Pittsburgh Steelers
What is the name for hard calcified tissue covering dentin on the tooth?  Enamel
The four classical elements are air, fire, water, and what other element?  Earth
Although it comes in multiple flavors, what is the most common flavor of Fanta?  Orange
Carrie-Anne Moss played what character in the 1999 film The Matrix?  Trinity

Bonus Round
According to IMDb, how many characters did Tom Hanks voice in the 2004 film The Polar Express?  6
Bossa Nova is a music style from what country?  Brazil
The CSI series spawned three shows that were named after cities.  What three cities were they named after?           Las Vegas, Miami, & New York City
From 1924 to 1991, the Russian city of Saint Petersburg was renamed what in honor of Vladimir Lenin?  Leningrad
The Rubik's Cube was created by an inventor from what country?  Hungary
In the film Home Alone, where do the McCallisters go on vacation when they leave Kevin behind?  Paris
From the phrase “matunda ya kwanza”, or “first fruits of the harvest”, what language does Kwanzaa hail from?  Swahili
What war involving the US began on June 25th, 1950 and ended on July 27, 1953?  The Korean War
What element has the symbol Rn?  Radon
Following Prince Calaf (who falls in love with Princess Turnadot) the Puccini opera Turandot is set in what country?  China


Game 231221F
Game Date: Thursday, December 21, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
In 2008, what film sparked a vampire phenomenon and a Team Edward vs. Team Jacob debate among its fan base?  Twilight
What member of hip-hop duo Outkast showcased his flute skills on the new solo instrumental album New Blue Sun, released on Friday, November 17th?  André 3000 (aka André Benjamin)
In the "Civil War" Marvel film, what two main superheroes are pitted against each other due to differing beliefs about government oversight?  Captain America & Iron Man
What is the name of the 2002 animated comedy film that Adam Sandler wrote about Chanukah?  Eight Crazy Nights
What country issued a state of emergency last month in response to seismic activity near the fishing town of Grindavík?  Iceland 
In the 2003 Christmas film Elf, what color is Buddy’s elf costume?  Green
Who dramatically interrupted Taylor Swift's acceptance speech at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards?  Kanye West
What 1992 film brought us the quote "You can't handle the truth!" delivered during a courtroom scene?  A Few Good Men
The movie Miracle on 34th Street is based on what real-life department store?  Macy’s
The 2000 film Nurse Betty stars what actress in the lead role?  Renée Zellweger



General Knowledge
According to the poem, "Twas the Night Before Christmas," what dances in children’s heads as they sleep?          Sugar Plums
What do we call the traditional Japanese practice of folding paper into various shapes and figures?  Origami
What is the capital of Ohio?  Columbus 
In the common idiom, a picture is worth how many words?  1,000
What term is given to the biannual occurrence when Earth's rotation and orbit result in a day and night of nearly the same length?  Equinox
At 27 championship wins, what MLB team has the most World Series titles?  New York Yankees
Nine reindeer pull Santa’s sleigh; what two have names that start with the letter ‘C’?  Comet & Cupid
What innovative game console, released by Nintendo in 2006, had families swinging their arms with motion-controlled remotes?  Nintendo Wii
How many candles can a Chanukah menorah hold?  9
True or false: Tomato is the only type of Ketchup?  FALSE (there are many types)
Taxi was set in an office in what US city?  New York City

Bonus Round
What is the SI unit for the measurement of thermodynamic temperature?  Kelvin
In what decade was the earliest known surviving film, Roundhay Garden Scene, shot?  1880s
What iconic actor and World War II veteran was named a Brigadier General in the Air Force Reserve Command in 1959 and was inducted into the National Aviation Hall of Fame in 2009?  Jimmy Stewart
In January 2014, what country became the 18th to join the Eurozone? Hint: Capital = Riga  Answer: Latvia
What first Prime Minister of Israel is also the namesake of the country's main international airport?  David Ben-Gurion
In Charles Dickens’ A Christmas Carol, what four ghosts visit Ebenezer Scrooge?                                                   Jacob Marley and the ghosts of Christmas Past, Present, and Future
What painter said “Like people, trees are all individuals”?  David Hockney
What was the name of the 2007 global concert to raise awareness of climate change?  Live Earth
In How The Grinch Stole Christmas, how is the following quote completed: “The three words that best describe you are as follows, and I quote: __________! __________! __________!”?  Answer: Stink! Stank! Stunk!
How many days does the Kwanzaa holiday celebration last?  7





Game 231226F
Game Date: Tuesday, December 26, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
"No Tears Left to Cry" was a 2018 hit song for what singer?  Ariana Grande
The TV series Cougar Town starred what cast member from F.R.I.E.N.D.S.?  Courtney Cox
After multiple scandals, including allegedly spending campaign funds on Only Fans, what New York Representative was recently expelled from the House?  George Santos
Jill Taylor in the TV series Home Improvement was portrayed by what actress?  Patricia Richardson
What singer performed such songs as “Jolene” and “9 to 5” during halftime of the Dallas Cowboys game on Thanksgiving Day?  Dolly Parton
Flounder is the animal sidekick to what Disney princess?  Ariel
"Houston, we have a problem," comes from what 1995 space docudrama?  Apollo 13
In what British city would you find an airport named after former member of The Beatles -- John Lennon?  Liverpool 
What CEO of Berkshire Hathaway donated $870 million to four charities last month ahead of the Thanksgiving holiday?  Warren Buffett
In 1995, Baywatch star Pamela Anderson married what rock drummer?  Tommy Lee






General Knowledge
Carnegie Hall is a performance venue in what US city?  New York City
Ectothermic is the scientific term for __________ blooded animals.  Answer: Cold
What is the term for the speed or pace of a given piece, often indicated at the beginning of a composition?  Tempo
What tea, named after a British Prime Minister, is known for its blend of black teas from Assam, Ceylon, and Kenya?  Earl Grey
Along with red and blue, what other color makes up the primary colors in traditional color theory?  Yellow
Is Motrin Ibuprofen or Acetaminophen?  Answer: Ibuprofen
What term refers to the long distance, seasonal movement of animals and birds?  Migration
A Texas Tommy is what type of food?  Hot Dog
One of the greatest shooters and competitors in NBA history, Larry Bird played for what team for the entirety of his career?  Boston Celtics
Migraines are neurological diseases, however they are often simplified as an intense what?  Headache

What is the first name of Laura Linney’s character in the TV series Ozark?  Wendy

Bonus Round
At the time of United States’ declaration of independence, who was the King of England?  King George III
According to Wikipedia, how many rooms does Buckingham Palace have: A) 300  B) 684  C) 775  D) 902?       Answer: C) 775 
From 1969 to 2011 Muammar Gaddafi ruled over what country?  Libya
Name two of the three current Summer Olympic track and field events that end in the word "Jump".                   Answer: High Jump, Long Jump, or Triple Jump
La Scala opera house is located in what Italian city?  Milan
Rounded to the nearest whole number, how many mL are in a tablespoon?  15 mL
Aloutte 2 was a space satellite launched by what country in 1965?  Canada
Cataract surgery involves removing what part of the eye?  Lens
What insect related pseudonym does Lisbeth Salander use in the novels by Stieg Larsson?  Wasp
What type of person would be put into a panopticon?  Prisoners

Game 231227F
Game Date: Wednesday, December 27, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Justified was the debut studio album of what musical artist?  Justin Timberlake
In November, what NFL star was announced as one of People’s ‘Sexiest Men Alive’ finalists?  Jason Kelce
“Mud on the Tires” was a 2003 hit from what country music star? Brad Paisley
He was featured in small roles in every single Pixar film until Soul in 2020; What Cheers actor did Pixar refer to as their “good luck charm”?  John Ratzenberger
"Don't Stop Believin" was used extensively in what musical TV show – HINT: it starred Lea Michele?  Glee  
The protagonist declares, "My name is Maximus Decimus Meridius" before revealing his intent for vengeance in what 2000 historical drama?  Gladiator 
Last month, Pedro Sánchez was re-elected as prime minister of what European country?  Spain
The chart-topping track “Rocket Man”, later served as the basis for a biographical film recounting what music artist’s life?  Elton John 
On November 22nd, the film Maestro was released, starring Bradley Cooper as what conductor/composer?      Leonard Bernstein
Mushu is the animal sidekick to what Disney princess?  Mulan



General Knowledge
A cord high above the ground on which acrobats perform is given what term?  Tightrope
“Letter From Birmingham Jail” was an open letter written on April 16, 1963, by what civil rights activist?                 Martin Luther King Jr.
The chemical element with the symbol Pb, known for its historical use in pipes and paints but now recognized as toxic, has what name?  Lead
Famous for its neutrality, what country has not participated in a foreign war since 1815 and is home to the headquarters of numerous international organizations?  Switzerland
Along with blue and yellow, what other color makes up the primary colors in traditional color theory?  Red
Is Tylenol Ibuprofen or Acetaminophen?  Answer: Acetaminophen
The ancient state of Phoenicia was located along the eastern shores of what body of water?  Mediterranean Sea
Nicknamed the ”__________ Clipper”, the MLB’s Joe DiMaggio spent his entire career playing with what team; this team completes his nickname?  New York Yankees
A Seattle style hot dog is covered in cream cheese and what vegetable?  Onions
Endothermic is the scientific term for __________ blooded animals.  Answer: Warm
In 2017, Jodie Whittaker became the first woman to play what character?  Dr. Who

Bonus Round
What US state is named after Henrietta Maria of France?  Maryland
In Greek mythology, known for his winged sandals and helmet, who is the messenger of the gods?  Hermes
Kawaii metal is a music genre from what country?  Japan
What novel by Charles Dickens is set in Coketown?  Hard Times
What is the first name of French painter Cézanne?  Paul
In what year was Pluto demoted to a dwarf planet?  2006
Rounded to the nearest whole number, how many mL are in a teaspoon?  5 mL
The 1976 Soweto uprising happened in what African country?  South Africa
What substance is transported in an Archimedes Screw?  Water
What French playwright and poet said “ the trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit”?  Moliere


Game 231228F
Game Date: Thursday, December 28, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
After her co-star was fired from the project, Jenna Ortega recently exited what film?  Scream VII
What Nirvana frontman married fellow rocker Courtney Love on February 24, 1992?  Kurt Cobain 
In the 1993 rom-com Sleepless in Seattle, where do Annie and Sam finally meet ?  Empire State Building
What 2008 movie gave us the haunting line, "Why so serious?" portraying the chaotic nature of its villain?                 The Dark Knight 
This past November, what country music superstar headlined the first ever Amazon Music Live ‘Black Friday’ concert?  Garth Brooks 
What country defeated India last month to win the 2023 Cricket World Cup?  Australia 
“Poker Face” was a hit 2008 song for what American singer? Lady Gaga
In a surprising series of events last month, Sam Altman was fired, then rehired, as CEO of what artificial intelligence company?  OpenAI
The Everything is Love album was a collaboration between Beyoncé and what other artist?  Jay-Z
The chameleon Pascal is the animal sidekick to what Disney princess?  Rapunzel


General Knowledge
In the human body, what bones protect the heart and lungs?  Ribcage 
In Yann Martel's 2001 novel Life of Pi, the main character is set adrift with what type of animal?  Tiger
The process in which a caterpillar transforms into a butterfly, undergoing significant change in its structure and appearance has what name?  Metamorphosis
The unofficial motto of the US, "e pluribus unum", is in what language?  Latin
Though far less celebrated, what diaper-wearing figure is the closest thing New Years Eve has to Santa Claus or the Easter Bunny?  Baby New Year
Canada's smallest province is named after what fourth son of King George III?  Prince Edward
Along with red and yellow, what other color makes up the primary colors in traditional color theory?  Blue
A Polish Boy sandwich is kielbasa covered in BBQ sauce, coleslaw, and what other main ingredient?  French Fries
Is Advil considered Ibuprofen or Acetaminophen?  Answer: Ibuprofen
Nicknamed “The Iron Horse” the MLB’s Lou Gehrig spent his entire career playing for what team?  New York Yankees

John Cleese voices what character in the film Shrek 2?  King Harold

Bonus Round
The name of what Italian dessert translates as cooked cream?  Panna Cotta
The 1917 October Revolution took place in what country?  Russia
What is the SI unit of luminous flux, a measure of the total amount of light a source puts out ?  Lumens
Known today as Miley Ray Cyrus, what was this pop star’s FULL name at birth?  Destiny Hope Cyrus
What European capital city, famous for its historic architecture and vibrant culture, is known as the "City of a Hundred Spires"?  Prague
The main female performer in an opera has what name?  Prima Donna
Wallonia and Flanders are regions of what European country?  Belgium
Castoreum has been used as an artificial vanilla flavoring, and is secreted from glands in what mammal? Beaver
The "Livre Tournois" was the currency in what country before an 18th century revolution?  France
Joe Bradley is a journalist in what 1950’s movie?  Roman Holiday

Game 231231F
Game Date: Sunday, December 31st, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Don Lockwood, a fading silent movie star is a character in which 1952 musical film?  Singin’ in the Rain
What movie stars Matthew McConaughey as Ron Woodroof; a hustler who works around the system to help AIDS patients get the medication they need after he is diagnosed with the disease?  Dallas Buyers Club
What was the occupation of the father in the sitcom series "Eight is Enough"?  Journalist
What color is the E, as well as one of the O’s, in the Google logo?  Red
Taylor Swift sent flowers to what American Pie singer, after her song All Too Well broke his record for longest song to take the top spot on the Billboard 100?  Don McLean 
Bakari is the middle name of which American actor; known for his roles in movies such as Creed and Black Panther?  Michael B. Jordan
Who is the bandleader of Stephen Colbert‘s The Late Show Band?  Louis Cato
What film, starring Vivien Leigh and Clark Gable, had its world premiere in Atlanta in 1939?  Gone with the Wind
Robert de Niro grew up in which US city?  New York
Edward E. Enigma goes by what alter-ego in the Batman comics?  The Riddler

General Knowledge
What is the capital of Thailand?  Bangkok
Who is the current NFL commissioner?  Roger Goodell
What secretary for the Montgomery chapter of the NAACP was arrested on December 1, 1955, for refusing to give up her seat on a city bus?  Rosa Parks
How many colors are used to form a tertiary color?  Three
What is the hardest substance in the human body?  Tooth Enamel 
What team did Wilt Chamberlain finish his NBA career with?  LA Lakers
How many countries are inside the United Kingdom?  Four (England, Scotland, Wales & Northern Ireland)
Which type of triangle has three sides all of differing lengths?  Scalene
What is the only mythological animal in the Chinese Zodiac?  The Dragon
The ampersand is a symbol that stands for what word?  And
Where is singer Luis Fonsi from?  Puerto Rico

Bonus Round
What name was Cyrus, first king of the Persian empire known by?  Cyrus the Great
Who resigned as commander-in-chief of the Continental Army in 1783?  George Washington
Children in which country receive presents from Father Frost on New Year's Day?  Russia
In the Bible, Moses parts what body of water to lead the Israelites out of Egypt?  Red Sea
Which modern-day actress shares her name with William Shakespeare's wife?  Anne Hathaway
In geology, what Norwegian word is the term for a long, narrow inlet with steep sides that's formed by a glacier?  Fjord
Canaletto was famous for painting which Italian city?  Venice
Lancelot Brown, more commonly known as “Capability” Brown, was famous in which field?  Landscaping
Aotearoa is another name for which country?  New Zealand 
Martin Luther King enrolled at which college at the age of 15?  Morehouse College


Game 240101F
Game Date: Monday, January 1, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
The iconic line -- "Mrs. Robinson, you're trying to seduce me,“ is from what classic 1967 film?  The Graduate
Paris Hilton recently revealed the name of her second child -- what major international city does the child share a name with?  London
From 1993 to 1995, country music singer Lyle Lovett was married to what actress?  Julia Roberts
Famous for his powerful vocals and unforgettable stage presence, who was the original lead singer of the iconic band Queen?  Freddie Mercury
Introduced in 1941, the Green Arrow's look and lore was inspired by what Sherwood Forest archer?  Robin Hood
Meaning "true to one's own personality, spirit, or character", what adjective was selected last month by Merriam-Webster as its "Word of the Year" for 2023?  Authentic
Her performances in American Hustle and Big Eyes clinched consecutive Golden Globe wins for what actress?         Amy Adams
What desert-dwelling bird is most iconic in pop culture as the animated adversary of Wile E. Coyote?  Roadrunner 
Businessman Mark Cuban recently announced that he would be leaving the cast of what ABC reality TV series?   Shark Tank 
Last month, Spotify announced what musician as their most-streamed global artist for the year 2023?  Taylor Swift 





General Knowledge
A longstanding but inaccurate myth states that bulls become angry when they see what color?  Red
The logo for Yuengling beer includes what feathered creature?  (Bald) Eagle
Carpal tunnel syndrome affects what joint?  Wrist
Yoga is a cultural tradition which originated in what country?  India
What is the only bird that can fly backwards?  Hummingbird
Who wrote the three laws of motion?  Isaac Newton
In the NHL, the Boston Bruins, Chicago Black Hawks, Detroit Red Wings, Montreal Canadiens, New York Rangers, and Toronto Maple Leafs are collectively given what name?  The Original 6
How many feet are there in 10 yards?  30
Which of the Tropic lines can be found below the Equator?  The Tropic of Capricorn
Balance is controlled by fluid in what part of the body?  Ear



What was the first name of Walter's wife in the TV series Breaking Bad?  Skyler

Bonus Round
Every December 6th, what South American country throws a grand celebration for the founding of its national capital, Quito?  Ecuador 
What was the name of the 1764 act that enforced tax on sugar, molasses, and other products imported into the American colonies?  The Sugar Act
The "primeval atom" was the first form of what famous theory?  The Big Bang Theory 
In 1954, in part to protect the interests of a US corporation called the United Fruit Company, the CIA overthrew a democratically elected leader in what Central American country?  Guatemala
In 1980, shipyard workers in the city of Gdansk went on strike in what country?  Poland
What was the name originally proposed for Mickey Mouse?  Mortimer
What Latin phrase means "something-for-something"?  Quid pro quo
Henry Ford patented a design for a car made of what material in 1942?  Plastic
The famous novel The House of the Spirits was created by what Latin American author?  Isabel Allende
In mathematics, the distance of an positive or negative number from zero is known as the number’s what?  Absolute Value

Game 240102F
Game Date: Tuesday, January 02, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
On June 5, 1999 what actress married her Cruel Intentions co-star Ryan Phillippe?  Reese Witherspoon
Debuting in January 1940, what superhero was nicknamed "the Scarlet Speedster”?  The Flash
In the 1993 movie What’s Love Got to Do with It, Angela Bassett played what singer?  Tina Turner
Last month, Guy Fieri signed a new contract worth a reported $100 million to remain part of what cable channel?   Food Network
The 2003 film Seabiscuit is about what sport?  Horse Racing
The 1980s hit "Say, Say, Say" was a duet between Michael Jackson and what other artist?  Paul McCartney
Last month, Rob Reiner announced that Christopher Guest, Michael McKean, and Harry Shearer will reprise their roles in the upcoming sequel to what 1984 "mockumentary"?  (This is) Spinal Tap
Known for setting his guitars on fire and playing with his teeth, what legendary guitarist is often associated with songs like “Purple Haze” and “Hey Joe”?  Jimi Hendrix
In the Shrek films, what type of creature is Shrek?  Ogre
What Secretary of State (under Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford) passed away on November 29th at the age of 100?  Henry Kissinger


General Knowledge
Navy blue, northwest green, and silver are the official colors of what MLB franchise?  Seattle Mariners
What US state shares a border with Maine?  New Hampshire
If a backyard is 10 feet long and 6 feet wide, how many square feet is the yard?  60 sq ft
What is another name for maize?  Corn
What is the basic first aid treatment for burns?  Running it under cool water
What 2003 Jodi Picoult novel is about a girl who is asked to donate a kidney to her sibling?  My Sister’s Keeper
What land mass on Earth is known as the "Island Continent"?  Australia
What animal has a tail called a brush?  Fox
In neurodevelopmental studies, what does the ‘A’ in ADHD stand for?  Attention
How many sides does a quadrangle have?  4

The TV series 2 Broke Girls is set in what US city?  New York City

Bonus Round
A university named after entrepreneur George Pepperdine can be found in what US state?  California
What German astronomer was reputed to have sold his soul to the devil?  Faust
Fried Cheese Curds were invented in what US State?  Wisconsin
American Graffiti was an early movie from what director?  George Lucas
The Kuiper Belt is just outside the orbit of what planet?  Neptune
The resistance of a liquid to shear forces is known as what?  Viscosity
What is wrapped around prunes to make ‘Devils on horseback’?  Bacon
What was the most popular boy’s name for babies born in the UK in 2018: A) Noah  B) Harry  C) Oliver  D) Charles?  Answer: C) Oliver
Where on the body would one wear a zuchetto?  Head
What gift is traditionally given to mark an anniversary of 55 years?  Emerald


Game 240103F
Game Date: Wednesday, January 03, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
"Listen To Your Heart" and "Dressed for Success" were hits for what group?  Roxette
On November 22nd What K-Pop group received honorary ‘Member of the Order of the British Empire’ medals from King Charles III?  Blackpink
 On October 7, 1995, Emmy-winning actor Ted Danson married what Oscar-winning actress?  Mary Steenburgen
Released in 2000, Parachutes was the debut album of what British group?  Coldplay
Last month, Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu met with what CEO of SpaceX and Tesla?  Elon Musk
Known for his charismatic stage presence and songs like “Light My Fire” and “Riders on the Storm”, who was the lead singer of The Doors? Jim Morrison
R&B and soul singer Jean Knight recently passed away at the age of 80 -- she was best known for what 1971 hit single that reached #2 on the pop charts?  Mr. Big Stuff
Besides Christopher Robin, who does Winnie the Pooh consider to be his best friend?  Piglet
Last month, Daryl Hall filed a lawsuit and a temporary restraining order against what former musical partner?         John Oates
What was the most popular wrestling name of Dwayne Johnson?  The Rock 

General Knowledge
Honolulu blue is one of the official colors of what NFL team?  Detroit Lions
Bearing the same name as a North American mountain range, what peculiar delicacy features bull testicles as its main ingredient?  Rocky Mountain oysters 
What medical field deals with diseases in the joints, muscles, and bones?  Rheumatology
In the nursery rhyme, what egg “sat on a wall and had a great fall”?  Humpty Dumpty
Bovinophobia is a fear of what?  Cows
Bell's palsy is a weakness affecting what part of the body?  Face
If a car is traveling at 40 mph, how long will it take to go 100 miles?  2 hours and 30 minutes
What two US states border Washington state?  Oregon & Idaho
“Oz.” is the abbreviation for what unit of measurement?  Ounces 
Writer Mark Twain was born in what US state?  Missouri


The TV series Boardwalk Empire is set primarily in what US state?  New Jersey

Bonus Round
In 1954, the Pennsylvania town of Mauch Chunk was renamed in honor of what legendary Native American athlete?  Jim Thorpe
Debuting in Pep Comics #22 in December 1941, who is the only child of Fred and Mary Andrews?  Archie
Rounded to the nearest whole number, how many light years are in a parsec?  3
What revolutionary leader wrote the influential Common Sense in 1776?  Thomas Paine
In what US city do the Allegheny and Monongahela Rivers meet and form the Ohio River?  Pittsburgh (PA)
Established in 1869, what was the name of the first professional MLB team?  Cincinnati Red Stockings
What is the medical term for the condition of a person with more than 5 fingers?  Polydactyly
What was the first name of fashion designer Lagerfeld?  Karl
The largest producer in the world, 33% of Uranium is mined in what country?  Kazakhstan
What animal is Winston's biggest fear in George Orwell’s novel 1984?  Rats



Game 240104F
Game Date: Thursday, January 4, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
The phrase “my precious” is most associated with what Lord Of The Rings character?  Gollum
A coup attempt was recently thwarted in Freetown, the capital of what African country?  Sierra Leone
The iconic guitar solo on Michael Jackson's smash hit “Beat It” was delivered by what guitar legend?  Eddie Van Halen
 On March 3, 1992 the legendary Warren Beatty married what actress?  Annette Bening
Many scholars point to the so-called Golden Age of Comic Books beginning with the 1938 debut of what superhero in Action Comics #1?  Superman
The new film Wonka premiered last month -- what actor stars in the film as the title character?  Timothée Chalamet
Singer-songwriter Prince was most commonly associated with what royal color?  Purple
Known for her eccentric style and hits like “Bad Romance” and “Poker Face”, what iconic pop star is often called the "Mother Monster"?  Lady Gaga
In Disney’s 1955 animated film Lady and the Tramp, what breed of dog is Lady?  (Cocker) Spaniel
Flavor Flav was a member of what influential group from 1985 to 2020?  Public Enemy


General Knowledge
How many feet are in 2.5 yards?  7.5 feet
In humans, the forearm is made up of the radius and what other bone?  Ulna
What New York City borough was named in honor of Dutch immigrant Jonas Bronck?  The Bronx
What blue-green color takes its name from the French word for “Turkish”?  Turquoise
Are babies born with less, the same, or more bones than adults?  More
Each July in Pamplona, Spain, what animals chase people through the streets?  Bulls
What two US states border Florida?  Alabama & Georgia
What is the term for the type of light waves that fall between the red end of the visible spectrum and microwaves?  Infrared
How many amendments are in the Bill of Rights?  10
What vitamin is known as “the sunshine vitamin”?  Vitamin D




The TV series Fleabag is set in what city?  London

Bonus Round
When the Galata Tower, which still stands today, was constructed in 1348, the modern-day city of Istanbul was known by what name?  Constantinople
On the periodic table of elements, how many noble gasses are there?  6
What was the surname of Canaan, the first President of Zimbabwe?  Banana
It’s a white flower found high in the Alps; what flower is the subject of a song in The Sound Of Music?  Edelweiss
In 1964, 319 people were killed in a riot at a football match in what country?  Peru
The 1996 Summer Olympics were hosted in what U.S. City?  Atlanta
What was the name of the defense pact signed between the Soviet Union and its allies in 1955?  Warsaw Pact/Treaty
What measure is equivalent to two standard bottles of champagne?  Magnum
The aviation term VTOL means what type of take-off and landing?  Vertical
On TLC’s reality TV series Cake Boss, what is the nickname of the ‘cake boss’ himself?  Buddy



Game 240105F
Game Date: Friday, January 5, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
In the Jurassic World films, the character Blue is what species of dinosaur?  Velociraptor
What animated comedy series did Seth MacFarlane create in 1999?  Family Guy
The 1999 hit song “Genie in a Bottle” was released by what singer?  Christina Aguilera
Airing from 1993 to 2001, what was the name of Chuck Norris’ television show?  Walker, Texas Ranger
One week from today, what Saturday Night Live cast member is releasing a musical twist on the high school comedy Mean Girls?  Tina Fey
What president of Harvard University recently resigned? Claudine Gay
What singer-songwriter issued an apology last month for using an autopen to sign what had been billed as "hand-signed" copies of his new book The Philosophy of Modern Song?  Bob Dylan
What was the name of the band who the sang F.R.I.E.N.D.S. theme song?  The Rembrandts
In what Disney film can you first see the character named Jiminy Cricket?  Pinocchio
What actor played the lead role in the 2002 film Panic Room?  Jodie Foster




General Knowledge
In Einstein's Theory of Relativity, E= mc2, what does the E stand for?  Energy
With roughly 40% of the state's population, what is the most populated city in Alaska?  Anchorage
What musical instrument is a Fender Stratocaster?  Guitar
What does the Internet exclamation acronym YOLO stand for?  You only live once
What gas has the simple chemical symbol O?  Oxygen
Kissing what legendary stone in Ireland -- to gain the gift of gab -- is not as easy as it seems; it generally involves bending over backwards?  Blarney Stone
What is the first animal mentioned in the nursery rhyme Hey Diddle Diddle?  Cat
Vertebrae are bones located in what structure of the body?  Spine
What was the first name of 13th U.S President - Fillmore?  Millard
American style meatloaf is usually topped with what condiment?  Ketchup

What 90’s singer had a backing band called Nine Stories?  Lisa Loeb

Bonus Round
The French words for “Red Stick” make up the name of what state capital and port city?  Baton Rouge
Larissa, Hippocamp, and Despina are moons of which planet?  Neptune
What is the name for the study of metals? Answer: Metallurgy 
Theoretical physicist James Maxwell was born in what country?  Scotland
In the film Charlie's Angels released in 2000, what actress played the role of Natalie?  Cameron Diaz
In what country were hamsters first discovered?  Syria 
George Manby invented the first modern version of what safety device in 1819?  Fire extinguisher
Tripoli is the capital of what African country?  Libya
U.S athlete Bob Beamon set a world record in what event at the 1968 Mexico Olympics?  Long Jump
The Prague Spring, a period of political liberalization and mass protest in Czechoslovak, took place in what decade?  1960s  (1968)



Game 240105
Game Date: Friday, January 5, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
In the Jurassic World films, the character Blue is what species of dinosaur?  Velociraptor
What animated comedy series did Seth MacFarlane create in 1999?  Family Guy
The 1999 hit song “Genie in a Bottle” was released by what singer?  Christina Aguilera
Airing from 1993 to 2001, what was the name of Chuck Norris’ television show?  Walker, Texas Ranger
One week from today, what Saturday Night Live cast member is releasing a musical twist on the high school comedy Mean Girls?  Tina Fey
What president of Harvard University recently resigned? Claudine Gay
What singer-songwriter issued an apology last month for using an autopen to sign what had been billed as "hand-signed" copies of his new book The Philosophy of Modern Song?  Bob Dylan
What was the name of the band who the sang F.R.I.E.N.D.S. theme song?  The Rembrandts
In what Disney film can you first see the character named Jiminy Cricket?  Pinocchio
What actor played the lead role in the 2002 film Panic Room?  Jodie Foster




General Knowledge
In Einstein's Theory of Relativity, E= mc2, what does the E stand for?  Energy
With roughly 40% of the state's population, what is the most populated city in Alaska?  Anchorage
What musical instrument is a Fender Stratocaster?  Guitar
What does the Internet exclamation acronym YOLO stand for?  You only live once
What gas has the simple chemical symbol O?  Oxygen
Kissing what legendary stone in Ireland -- to gain the gift of gab -- is not as easy as it seems; it generally involves bending over backwards?  Blarney Stone
What is the first animal mentioned in the nursery rhyme Hey Diddle Diddle?  Cat
Vertebrae are bones located in what structure of the body?  Spine
What was the first name of 13th U.S President - Fillmore?  Millard
American style meatloaf is usually topped with what condiment?  Ketchup

What 90’s singer had a backing band called Nine Stories?  Lisa Loeb

Bonus Round
The French words for “Red Stick” make up the name of what state capital and port city?  Baton Rouge
Larissa, Hippocamp, and Despina are moons of which planet?  Neptune
What is the name for the study of metals? Answer: Metallurgy 
Theoretical physicist James Maxwell was born in what country?  Scotland
In the film Charlie's Angels released in 2000, what actress played the role of Natalie?  Cameron Diaz
In what country were hamsters first discovered?  Syria 
George Manby invented the first modern version of what safety device in 1819?  Fire extinguisher
Tripoli is the capital of what African country?  Libya
U.S athlete Bob Beamon set a world record in what event at the 1968 Mexico Olympics?  Long Jump
The Prague Spring, a period of political liberalization and mass protest in Czechoslovak, took place in what decade?  1960s  (1968)



Game 240107F
Game Date: Sunday, January 7, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Actor Wallace Shawn, known as one of the villains in The Princess Bride, voiced what character in Pixar's Toy Story films?  Rex
The Mean Girls: Musical movie is set to be released on what date this upcoming week?  Friday, January 12th, 2024
Dreams of Africa and Chimpanzee Behavior are two of the lessons in the MasterClass course on conservation taught by what famed primatologist?  Jane Goodall
What actor starred as the slacker surfer Jeff Spicoli in the 1982 high school comedy Fast Times at Ridgemont High?  Sean Penn
Who had a hit in the 1970s with his song “Piano Man”?  Billy Joel
How old was Marilyn Monroe when she died in 1962: A) 28 B) 36 C) 45?  Answer: B) 36
In the animated series SpongeBob SquarePants, what type of creature is Patrick?  Starfish
For which 1999 film did Angelina Jolie win a ‘Best Supporting Actress’ Oscar?  Girl, Interrupted
In 2014, what American psychological thriller film starred Ben Affleck and Rosamund Pike?  Gone Girl
What actor portrayed Jack Dawson in the film Titanic?  Leonardo DiCaprio










General Knowledge
What does the Internet acronym TBH stand for?  To be honest
What music genre is a car model by Honda and the name of Utah’s basketball team?  Jazz
What was the final score of the FIFA World Cup game when the United States beat Iran on November 29th?  1-0
What is the capital of California?  Sacramento
Discovered in 1799, the name of what stone -- used to decipher hieroglyphics -- is now the name of a language-learning software company?  Rosetta Stone
Tecate, Dos XX, and Pacifico are all types of Mexican what?  Beer
In the nursery rhyme Mary Had a Little Lamb, the fleece of Mary's lamb is said to be as white as what?  Snow
Patella is the medical term for what bone?  Kneecap
What element has the chemical symbol P?  Phosphorous
What was the first name of 8th U.S President - Van Buren?  Martin


Who plays Shawn Spencer in the T.V series Psych?  James Roday (Rodriguez)

Bonus Round
The Twix candy bar was first introduced in the United Kingdom in what decade?  1960s (1967)
Proverbs 30 in the Bible speaks of four things difficult to understand, including the flight of what bird of prey?  Eagle
Rothera and Halley VI are research bases in what part of the world?  Antarctica 
The Tamil Tigers were an extremist group from what country?  Sri Lanka
The Juno space probe entered the orbit of which planet in 2016?  Jupiter
Naked Lady and Jersey Lily are two genus' of what flowering plant?  Amaryllis
The Marimekko textiles brand was founded in what country in 1951?  Finland
What sort of dairy product is Bel Paese?  Cheese
The 3.2 million year old Australopithecus afarensis bones found in Africa in 1974 were given what name?  Lucy
The Hammadid Empire ruled what modern day country in the Middle Ages?  Algeria


Game 240108F
Game Date: Monday, January 8, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
“The House of Steinbrenner”, a 30 for 30 episode, delves into the life of the controversial owner of what Major League Baseball franchise?  New York Yankees
Often called the "Godfather of Punk," what influential musician fronted the band The Stooges and had a solo hit with “Lust for Life”?  Iggy Pop
Last month, McDonald's announced a new coffee-focused spinoff restaurant named what?  CosMc's
What comic book character was described in a 1943 article by William Moulton Marston as having "the strength of Superman plus all the allure of a good and beautiful woman"?  Wonder Woman
Billie Joe Armstrong is the lead singer of what punk rock band?  Green Day
In the film The Last King of Scotland, what dictator of Uganda was brought to life on the silver screen by Forest Whitaker?  Idi Amin
Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks have starred in three films together, Joe Versus the Volcano in 1990, Sleepless in Seattle in 1993, and in what 1998 film?  You’ve Got Mail
The Kennedy Center Honors were held last month—what actress/rapper, born Dana Owens, was among the honorees?  Queen Latifah
What prolific TV producer and creator of such sitcoms as All in the Family and The Jeffersons passed away this past December 5th at the age of 101?  Norman Lear
In Nickelodeon’s animated series The Fairly Odd Parents, what color is Timmy Turner’s shirt?  Pink

General Knowledge
The cell-like structures within human blood that help it to form clots have what name?  Platelets
The city of Machu Picchu (in the Andes Mountains) was built by what ancient civilization?  The Inca civilization
The United States landed the first humans on the moon during the Apollo 11 mission in what year?  1969 
Pullman Brown is the official color of what American shipping and parcel delivery company?  UPS
In the classic nursery rhyme “Old Mother Hubbard”, what animal is she intending to feed with a bone from her cupboard?  Dog
How many sides does a nonagon have?  9
Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean, accomplishing the feat in 1932?  Amelia Earhart
What flower is the traditional symbol of England?  Rose
What gas is used to make the bubbles in fizzy drinks?  Carbon Dioxide
When securing a ship or boat, what nautical term is used for the line of rope or chain that is typically attached to the bow (or front) of the vessel?  Painter

The 1993 film Groundhog Day is set in what US state?  Pennsylvania

Bonus Round
Salts made from magnesium sulfate are named after what English town?  Epsom
What Texas city saw a siege on a religious compound in 1993?  Waco
Used in the printing process, what does the “K” stand for in the name of the CMYK color model?  Key (aka Black)
What is the world record for the most spoons balanced on a human face: A) 31  B) 36  C) 54  D) 72?  Answer: A) 31
Who was the leader of the Soviet Union during the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962?  Nikita Khrushchev 
With symbol CL, what element's name comes from the Greek meaning yellowish-green?  Chlorine
What African country did Italian troops invade under Mussolini?  Ethiopia
What US President had children named Caroline and John?  John F. Kennedy
In 1955, 83 people were killed at the “24 hours of Le Mans” car race in what country?  France
After a lengthy career, Joe DiMaggio retired from baseball in what year? * Answer must be within two years *               Acceptable Answers: 1949 to 1953 (exact answer 1951)


Game 240109F
Game Date: Tuesday, January 9, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Ranked number three in the world, what professional golfer and Masters champion recently joined LIV golf in a reported 3-year $300 million minimum deal?  Jon Rahm
In Nickelodeon’s animated series The Fairly Odd Parents, what color is Timmy Turner’s hat?  Pink
Played brilliantly by Peter Falk, what TV sleuth often famously whistled “This Old Man” as he zeroed in on a culprit?  Columbo
Nicknamed the "Queen of Soul,“ what music legend delivered powerful performances with songs like “Respect” and “Natural Woman”?  Aretha Franklin
What former US Speaker of the House retired from Congress at the end of 2023?  Kevin McCarthy
In 1993, Kim Basinger married what Baldwin brother?  Alec Baldwin
A long-lasting feud ignited between Alyssa Milano and Shannen Doherty amidst filming what supernatural series?  Charmed
Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks have starred in three films together, Joe Versus the Volcano in 1990, You’ve Got Mail in 1998, and what 1993 film in-between?  Sleepless in Seattle
Defined as "style, charm, or attractiveness," what word was chosen by Oxford University Press last month as its ‘Word of the Year’ for 2023?  Rizz
Who is the lead singer of the rock band Fall Out Boy?  Patrick Stump

General Knowledge
Used in the printing process, what does the “M” stand for in the name of the CMYK color model?  Magenta
After Apple, what was the second American company to reach a market capitalization of over one trillion US dollars?  Amazon 
Hailing from the wild sturgeon of the Caspian and Black Seas, what salt-cured roe is often served as a fancy hors d’oeuvre?  Caviar
What ancient wonder of the world was a monumental tomb built in Egypt around 2560 BC for Pharaoh Khufu?      Great Pyramid of Giza 
How many sides does an octagon have?  8
Who was the first US President to appear on a postage stamp?  George Washington
What is the term for a massive explosion in space that releases an enormous amount of energy, often resulting in the formation of a black hole?  Supernova 
What country was invaded by Nazi Germany on September 1, 1939, marking the start of World War II?  Poland 
Our teeth are covered by what hard, shiny material?  Enamel
In 1994 a tunnel nicknamed “the Chunnel” opened under what body of water?  English Channel
The 1982 film, E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial was set in what US state?  California

Bonus Round
"Enigma Variations" is a classical work by what composer?  Edward Elgar
Mainly used in British and Australian English, “Plonk” is a slang term for cheap or inferior varieties of what drink?  Wine
A textile brand called ‘Marimekko’ was set up in what country in 1951?  Finland
Created in 1939 by Bob Kane and Bill Finger, what famous superhero debuted in the comic book story The Case of the Chemical Syndicate?  Batman
Fought on June 18, 1815, seeing Napoleon Bonaparte's final defeat, what final battle marked the end of his rule as Emperor of the French?  Battle of Waterloo
Joseph Priestley discovered what gas in 1774?  Oxygen
In the 2001 film, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone, the first time the audience is introduced to her, what color were Madam Hooch’s eyes?  Yellow
Alan Shepard became the first person to play golf on the moon in what year?  1971
A 1960 earthquake killed 12,000-15,000 people when it hit the city of Agadir in what country?  Morocco
Arie Van Vliet, a competitive cyclist, was awarded the title of “Dutch Sportsman of the Year” in what decade?  1950s

Game 240110F
Game Date: Wednesday, January 10, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Often called the "Father of Rock 'n' Roll," what groundbreaking musician recorded hits like “Johnny B. Goode” and “Maybellene”?  Chuck Berry
In Nickelodeon’s animated series The Fairly Odd Parents, what color is Cosmo’s hair?  Green
Rock star David Bowie married what one-name supermodel in 1992?  Iman
Time magazine recently named what singer-songwriter ‘Person of the Year’ for 2023?  Taylor Swift
Singer Alecia Beth Moore Hart is better known by what colorful stage name?  Pink (stylized as P!nk)
In the film Cabaret, the 1973 Academy Award for ‘Best Actress’ went home with what leading lady?  Liza Minnelli
Nintendo's superstar character Mario originally debuted as "Jumpman" in what legendary arcade game?   Donkey Kong
How many films have Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks starred in together?  3
On December 8th, two US embassy staff were expelled from what European country for allegedly bribing intelligence agents?  Spain
Released in theaters on December 8th, what film starred Emma Stone as a woman brought back to life?  Poor Things


General Knowledge
The term lunar refers to what celestial body?  Moon
The condition that turns the skin and white of the eyes yellow is given what name?  Jaundice
What ancient Greek city-state is known for its legendary stand against the Persian Empire at the Battle of Thermopylae in 480 BC?  Sparta 
Used in the printing process, what does the “C” stand for in the name of the CMYK color model?  Cyan 
What was the third American company to reach a market capitalization of over one trillion US dollars?  Microsoft
How many sides does a pentagon have?  5
Volcanic ash buried what famous ancient city during the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 AD?  Pompeii 
A 1951 amendment to the US constitution limited Presidents to serving how many terms?  2
The theory which states that the simplest explanation is likely the right one is known as what?  Occam’s Razor
The superfood kelp is what type of plant?  Seaweed

Sung in Spanish, "El Anillo”,was a 2018 release by what artist?  Jennifer Lopez

Bonus Round
In the film Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome, what legendary singer took on the role of Aunty Entity?  Tina Turner
What is the most common cause of a goiter?  Iodine deficiency
In 1973, a bomb killed Admiral Luis Carrero Blanco, who was the Prime Minister of what country?  Spain
From 1941 to 1949, Charles “Doiby” Dickles appeared in comic books as the sidekick of what superhero?  Green Lantern
George Carlin’s “Seven Dirty Words” routine was a part of what 1972 album? Class Clown
What space probe made history in 2015 by conducting the first-ever flyby of Pluto, providing detailed images of the dwarf planet?  New Horizons
What country invaded the Falkland Islands in 1982?  Argentina
Organic Chemistry discusses compounds which always contain what element?  Carbon
What state became the 45th state in 1896?  Utah
Al Capone was born and raised in what New York City borough?  Brooklyn

Game 240111F
Game Date: Thursday, January 11, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
Known for his iconic guitar riffs and nicknamed the "Human Riff," who is the lead guitarist and founding member of The Rolling Stones?  Keith Richards
Former US Ambassador to Bolivia, Manuel Rocha, was recently arrested on charges of being an illegal agent for what country?  Cuba
The Red Dead Redemption series of video games was created by what company?  Rockstar Games
Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman were married in December 1990 after meeting on the set of what film about NASCAR racing?  Days of Thunder
To transform into the comic book superhero Captain Marvel, Billy Batson used what magic word?  "Shazam!”
What show's fanbase compelled an Albuquerque family to erect a fence due to a deluge of pizzas on their roof?  Breaking Bad
What James Bond star made an uncredited cameo as a Stormtrooper in Star Wars: The Force Awakens?            Daniel Craig
In Nickelodeon’s animated series The Fairly Odd Parents, what color is Wanda’s hair?  Pink
Until about a year ago, who was the lead singer of rock band Panic! at the Disco?  Brendon Urie
 In the movie musical Grease, what is the name of the “greaser gang” that John Travolta’s character leads?  T-Birds

General Knowledge
The nervous system is divided into two main components: the Central Nervous System and what other component? Peripheral Nervous System
Used in the printing process, what does the “Y” stand for in the name of the CMYK color model?  Yellow
What was the first American company to reach a market capitalization of over one trillion US dollars?  Apple
How many sides does a hexagon have?  6
In 1997, Larry Bird became the head coach of what team -- Hint: It was his home state’s team?  Indiana Pacers
In a traditional Hawaiian poke bowl, what fish is typically diced and served raw?  Tuna
What planet in our solar system has the most extensive ring system, consisting mostly of rock, dust, and icy material?  Saturn
In what year did the Berlin Wall, which separated East and West Berlin during the Cold War, first fall?  1989 
In 2009, what company dropped “Coat Factory” from its name?  Burlington
Ospreys mainly eat what type of food?  Fish
The American TV series Dead Like Me was set in what US city?  Seattle

Bonus Round
Meg Ryan and Tom Hanks have starred in three films together, most notably Sleepless in Seattle in 1993 and You’ve Got Mail in 1998; but what film started it all in 1990?  Joe Versus the Volcano
What was the name of the ship that carried Charles Darwin on his famous voyage to the Galápagos Islands?          HMS Beagle 
What was the name of Cleopatra and Julius Caesar’s son?  (Ptolemy XV) Caesarion
As named by Alfred Wegener, the slow movement of the plates which make up the Earth's land masses is known as what?  Continental Drift
Who sang the "Star Spangled Banner" at Obama's second Inauguration?  Beyoncé 
It is said that fingernails grow at different rates for each finger – which finger has the slowest growing nail?  Pinky
What title was given to the Russian princesses Olga, Anastasia, Tatiana, and Maria?  Grand Duchess
What is the medical term for whooping cough?  Pertussis
"Eine kleine Nachtmusik" is one of the most famous pieces by what composer?  Wolfgang Amadeus (Mozart)
How many major championships did golfer Arnold Palmer win?  7

Game 240114F
Game Date: Sunday, January 14, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
‘Need a Favor’ was among the top pop-country hits of 2023, released by what artist?  Jelly Roll
 Dancer Kevin Federline married what singer in 2004?  Britney Spears
Brian O'Conner was portrayed by what actor in the Fast & Furious films until his death in 2013?  Paul Walker
Last month, the Economist Intelligence Unit announced its list of the most expensive cities in the world to live in for 2023—what U.S. city tied with Geneva as the second most expensive?  New York City
Bradley Cooper voices what character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?  Rocket (Racoon)
A Hard Day's Night was a 60s album by what English rock band?  The Beatles
Who wrote and directed the film Once Upon a Time in Hollywood?  Quentin Tarantino
The film One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest stars what actor?  Jack Nicholson
The T.V series Veronica _______ and the David Bowie song “Life on _______” are both completed with what word?  Mars
Alec Baldwin did impressions on what long-running sketch comedy T.V show?  Saturday Night Live

General Knowledge
What animal is in the corn in the nursery rhyme Little Boy Blue?  Cow
Generally speaking, where do arboreal frogs spend the majority of their life?  In trees
The Academy Awards are better known by which name?  The Oscars
What color smoke signals that a new Pope has been elected?  White
Human hair roots extend deep into the ________ ; a sheath of skin and connective tissue.  Follicle
"Ike" was a nickname for what U.S President?  Dwight D. Eisenhower
A traditional Root Beer Float contains a scoop of what flavor ice cream?  Vanilla
What musical instrument is the smallest member of the orchestral woodwind family?  Piccolo 
What world capital does the river Thames flow through?  London
In 1508, what artist began painting the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel?  Michelangelo
Adrock, MCA, and Mike D made up what musical group?  Beastie Boys

Bonus Round
Where is the Mariana trench found, deep in the ocean or central Europe?  Ocean 
What element is named after the winner of the 1921 Nobel Prize for Physics?  Einsteinium
Disney’s TV series Dinosaurs features this family, whose name is a reference to an American petroleum company?  The Sinclairs
The Celsius scale is named after an astronomer from what country?  Sweden
Who won the Republican nomination for President in 1996?  Bob Dole
Azawad, a region of what African country, declared its independence in 2012?  Mali
What explorer was the first European to chart Long Island Sound, the Connecticut River and Block Island in 1614? Adriaen Block 
Little Dixie was a historic region along the banks of what U.S river?  Missouri
President Kennedy visited what country to see his ancestral home in 1963?  Ireland
Richard III of England was reburied in what year?  2015

Game 240115F
Game Date: Monday, January 15, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What animated family lives at 742 Evergreen Terrace in Springfield?  The Simpsons
Real-life married couple Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz were known for what iconic sketch comedy show?  I Love Lucy 
What 1992 movie had the tagline “You'll laugh. You'll cry. You'll hurl”?  Wayne’s World
President Volodymyr Zelensky met with President Joe Biden at the White House last month; he is the leader of what country?  Ukraine
According to Lil Dicky and Chris Brown in 2018, what day of the week was "Freaky"?  Friday
"Don't You Want Me" was an 80s hit for what group?  The Human League
Last month, what Ivy League school named a new president following intense criticism from donors?             University of Pennsylvania
What is the last name of the actress who stars in the comedy series The Mindy Project?  Kaling
In Pixar’s Cars franchise, how many feature films are there?  3
What color is the brick road Dorothy has to follow in The Wizard of Oz?  Yellow


General Knowledge
Making up 74% of all mass in the universe, what gas is the most abundant element in existence?  Hydrogen
The catchphrase "Come on down!" is associated with what TV game show?  The Price is Right  
What common food group contains pasta, corn, and rice?  Grains
What NBA team was known as the “Showtime” during the 80s for their fun, fast-paced style of play?                          Los Angeles Lakers
What counting system uses marks in groups of five?  Tally
What hormone triggers the "fight or flight" response?  Adrenaline (aka Epinephrine)
In Indian cuisine, what is the name of the deep-fried triangular pastries, often made with vegetables?  Samosa
What technology uses sound waves to sense objects under water?  Sonar
Which of the Earth's layers is under the crust, but above the core?  Mantle
What famous boycott did Martin Luther King Jr. help orchestrate?  Montgomery Bus Boycott
Comedy-drama series Ally McBeal is set in what US city?  Boston

Bonus Round
A 1953 hit by the legendary Hank Williams, the lyrics, "When tears come down like fallin' rain, you'll toss around and call my name“ are from what timeless country classic?  Your Cheatin' Heart
Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his "I Have a Dream" speech at what U.S. monument?  Lincoln Memorial
What announcer often enjoyed Budweiser while working in the broadcast booth for the Chicago Cubs from 1982 to 1997?  Harry Caray 
The Swiss Confederacy gained independence from the Holy Roman Empire as a result of what war, lasting from 1618 to 1648?  Thirty Years' War
The directional debut for Mel Gibson, The Man Without A Face, came out in what year?  1993
The Patriots famously picked Tom Brady 199th pick of the 2000 NFL Draft. In which round did this selection take place?  6th round 
Whose law states that the pressure and volume of a gas are inversely proportional at constant pressure?  Boyle’s Law
President Lyndon B Johnson was born to a poor, rural family in what US state?  Texas
Hasbro first introduced G.I. Joe to the public in what decade?  1960s
Benny Goodman and Artie Shaw were two musicians best known for playing what woodwind instrument?  Clarinet 

Game 240116F
Game Date: Tuesday, January 16, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Known for his distinctive voice and hits like “What's Going On” and “Sexual Healing”, what legendary musician was a key figure in soul and R&B music?  Marvin Gaye 
What 1999 movie had the tagline “Mischief. Mayhem. Soap.”?  Fight Club
What state was devastated by a series of tornadoes in December that left more than 35,000 customers without power?  Tennessee
What famous comedy duo was known for the "Who's on First?" routine?  Abbott & Costello 
In Pixar’s Toy Story franchise, how many released feature films are there?  4
Major companies Amazon, Target, and Walmart recently agreed to stop selling what toy due to safety concerns; this toy is a hazard as it expands up to 100 times it size when exposed to liquids?  Water Beads
What pro sports league recently announced it will play a game in Brazil during the 2024 season?  NFL
The quote “It's the Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man” is from what movie?  Ghostbusters
Eminem won an Oscar for what 2002 film?  8 Mile
"The Writing's on the Wall" was a 1999 album by what girl group?  Destiny’s Child


General Knowledge
What is the proper name for a soccer field?  A Pitch
What class of drugs helps combat allergic reactions?  Antihistamines
What is the term for a massive cloud of gas and dust in space that serves as the birthplace of stars?  Nebula 
What electronics company was behind the Betamax video format?  Sony 
What common food group contains eggs, beans, and nuts?  Protein
The Emporio range of clothes is produced by what fashion house?  Armani
What animal-related name is given to someone who always gets blamed?  Scapegoat
What word comes before "Crush Saga" in the name of a popular game app?  Candy
What does the French expression "C'est la vie!" mean?  That’s Life!
What is mixed with beer to make a shandy?  Lemonade

Alyssa Milano plays which of the sisters in the TV series Charmed?  Phoebe

Bonus Round
Doing so in 1963 as part of the Vostok 6 mission, who was the first woman to travel into space?                       Valentina Tereshkova 
Theodore Roosevelt used ingredients from the White House gardens to make what cocktail most associated with the Kentucky Derby?  Mint Julep 
The Holy Roman Empire was "in no way holy, nor Roman, nor an empire" is a famous quote attributed to what French political philosopher?  Voltaire 
What number did Tom Brady wear in college while playing at Michigan?  10
It is debatable as to what chemical element has the highest boiling point -- name one of the two that are currently considered to have the highest.  Answer: Tungsten or Rhenium
The original Legoland theme park is located in what European country?  Denmark
A courgette in England is what type of vegetable in the United States?  Zucchini 
In 1950 James Dean featured in a commercial for what soft drink brand?  Pepsi
How old was Martin Luther King Jr. when he won the Nobel Peace Prize?  35
What part of a plant consists of an anther and filament?  Stamen

Game 240117F
Game Date: Wednesday, January 17, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What DNA testing company launched an investigation due to a recent hack involving millions of user accounts?  23andMe
Along with Jim Carrey, what actor starred in Dumb and Dumber?  Jeff Daniels 
In Pixar’s Monsters, Inc. franchise, how many feature films are there?  2
What automaker recalled nearly 2 million vehicles last month?  Tesla
What carrier recently announced that it is merging with Alaska Airlines?  Hawaiian Airlines
What 1997 movie had the tagline “Protecting the Earth from the scum of the universe!”?  Men in Black
Unbroken and Confident are albums by what artist?  Demi Lovato
The 2011 Oscar winning movie The Artist was made in what country?  France
In the DreamWorks’ film Shrek, what color outfit does Lord Farquaad wear?  Red
Created in honor of the boyband, what company released a BTS branded phone in 2020?  Samsung

General Knowledge
What is the term for the phenomenon where the moon passes between the Earth and the Sun, casting a shadow on the Earth?  Solar Eclipse 
Wild dogs called dingos come from what country?  Australia
What 8-bit handheld gaming console was a 2009 inductee into the National Toy Hall of Fame?  Game Boy 
The Papa Doble, a variation of a daiquiri, was said to have been a favorite mixed drink of what author of The Old Man and the Sea?  Ernest Hemingway 
What common food group contains milk, butter, and cheese?  Dairy 
In 1998, Mark McGwire and what Cubs player were said to have saved baseball with their race to the home run record?  Sammy Sosa
What word describes someone who always thinks they're ill?  Hypochondria
Pharaoh Tutankhamun's innermost sarcophagus was made from what material?  Gold
The circular felt tent used by Mongolian nomads has what name?  Yurt (aka Ger)
The first Starbucks store opened in what US city?  Seattle

"Yester-Me, Yester-You, Yesterday" was a late 60s hit for what artist?  Stevie Wonder

Bonus Round
What comedic superhero, known for his ability to stretch his body into any form, was created by Jack Cole in 1941?  Plastic Man
Arlo Guthrie wrote the official folk song for what state?  Massachusetts
Mogadishu is the capital of what nation?  Somalia
What author of The Divine Comedy called for universal rule under Holy Roman Emperor Henry VII in his treatise Monarchia?  Dante
What college did Tom Brady play for from 1995 to 1999 before being drafted by the Patriots?  Michigan
What year was Martin Luther King Day first observed as a federal holiday?  1986
Biafra, a region of what country, declared independence in 1967?  Nigeria
Guy Burgess and Donald Maclean became infamous for doing what in 1951?  Spying
Cousin to the Komondor, what medium sized Hungarian dog breed is known for its long, corded coat resembling dreadlocks?  Puli
What chemical element has the lowest boiling point?  Helium





Game 240118F
Game Date: Thursday, January 18, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What iconic band recently held its final concert in New York City after 50 years of touring?  Kiss
Bruce Willis played Korben Dallas in what 1997 movie?  The Fifth Element
In Pixar’s franchise The Incredibles, how many feature films are there?  2
What food institution was hit with another lawsuit last month over caffeinated lemonade?  Panera Bread
What 1978 movie had the tagline “Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water”?  Jaws 2
Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman played the parents of what child genius?  Matilda
In the Harry Potter series of books and movies, what house was Harry Potter sorted into?  Gryffindor
James Hetfield is a guitarist and lead vocalist in what rock band?  Metallica
Mimi, Roger, Mark, and Maureen are some of the struggling artists in what musical?  Rent
"Where Does My Heart Beat Now" was the first major hit for what Canadian singer?  Celine Dion


General Knowledge
What planet in our solar system is often referred to as the "Morning Star" when visible before sunrise and the "Evening Star" when visible after sunset?  Venus 
While the average person might call a hockey player’s uniform a ‘jersey,’ the proper term is what?  Sweater
In the US, how many pounds are in a ton?  2000 
What four letter term means a unit of hereditary information?  Gene
In the White House, to celebrate the repeal of Prohibition in 1933 what US President is said to have made a martini, his favorite cocktail?  Franklin D. Roosevelt
What common food group contains poultry, seeds, and lentils?  Proteins
How many Super Bowl MVP Awards did Tom Brady win throughout his career, breaking Joe Montana’s record of 3?  5
What part of the body can be classified as motor or sensory?  Neurons (acceptable - Nerves)
What sea creature has three hearts?  Octopus
What is the name for the large tent where a circus takes place?  Big Top

The 90’s movie Backdraft is set in what US city?  Chicago

Bonus Round
What country produces the most peaches in the world?  China
A private school called Chilton features in what TV series?  Gilmore Girls
Ruling from 800 to 814, what King of the Franks is often cited as the first Holy Roman Emperor?  Charlemagne 
Before becoming known as Times Square in 1904, that area of New York City was known by what name?        Longacre Square
What is the main ingredient of taramasalata dip?  Fish eggs
In what European country did Madeleine McCann disappear in 2007?  Portugal
John Diefenbaker became the Prime Minister of what country in 1957?  Canada
In what month was US President Woodrow Wilson born?  December
What college did Martin Luther King Jr. attend?  Morehouse College
Pop Tarts were first sold in what decade?  1960s


Game 240121F
Game Date: Sunday, January 21, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Released July of last year, Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part 1 was the most recent project for what legendary leading man?  Tom Cruise
Nena had an 80’s hit song about how many red balloons?  99
Colin Firth won an Oscar for his portrayal of what British Monarch?  King George VI
T.V presenter Chrissy Tiegen is married to what singer?  John Legend
Lloyd Austin was recently hospitalized without notifying the proper channels within the government. What is Lloyd Austin’s role within the presidential cabinet?  Secretary of Defense
Miley Cyrus played the lead role in what Disney Channel show?  Hannah Montana
Friday January 12, 2024 saw the release of Tina Fey’s musical twist on what 2004 high school comedy? Mean Girls
Peter Parker is the alter-ego of what superhero?  Spider-man
The wife of David Beckham was a singer in what girl band?  Spice Girls
What comic hosted the Academy Awards in 2005 and 2016?  Chris Rock 




General Knowledge
Kelvin is a unit of what?  Temperature 
Tequila, grenadine, and what other ingredient make a Tequila Sunrise cocktail?  Orange Juice
In a symphony orchestra, what section of instruments usually includes the drums, bells, cymbals, and gongs?  Percussion
What is the capital of New York?  Albany
The summer and winter have solstices, while the spring and autumn have what?  Equinoxes 
The maxilla and mandible bones form what part of the body?  Jaw
What is the last name shared by the only two U.S Presidents who were grandfather and grandson?  Harrison
What island opened as a U.S immigration inspection station in 1892?  Ellis Island
How many sides does a dodecagon have?  12

Indie rock band Arcade Fire is from what country?  Canada 

Bonus Round
In the game of Scrabble, what two letter tiles have a value of 8 points?  J and X
Orville and _______ were the first names of the Wright brothers, who made the first powered flight in 1903.  Wilbur   
On the cover of the 1941 first issue of what comic book does the title character punch Hitler in the jaw?              Captain America
What do the letters MGM stand for in the legendary Hollywood studio’s name?  Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer
"Diamyo" was a noble rank in what country?  Japan
Al Pacino starred as Sonny in what 1975 film?  Dog Day Afternoon
The bouzouki is long-necked instrument from what country?  Greece
In the 1600s, who created the famous novel Don Quixote?  Miguel de Cervantes
Botany Bay was the first penal colony in what Australian state?  New South Wales
The American Museum of Natural History opened in what decade?  1860s (1869)

Game 240122F
Game Date: Monday, January 22, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
In the Toy Story films, the voice of Tom hanks brought what character to life?  Woody
Named after a Benedictine monk, what brand of champagne was reportedly the drink of choice for Marilyn Monroe?  Dom Pérignon
What aerospace company founded by Jeff Bezos successfully launched its New Shepard rocket last month?          Blue Origin 
"Gentleman" was the follow-up to what viral 2012 song by South Korean artist Psy?  Gangnam Style
The 2023 United Nations Climate Change Conference, which officially came to an end on December 13th, was hosted in what city?  Dubai 
What color is Mushu, the dragon sidekick to Disney’s Mulan?  Red
Last month, what baseball player made history when he signed a record-breaking $700 million contract with the Los Angeles Dodgers?  Shohei Ohtani 
"Forget You" was a 2010 hit for what artist?  CeeLo Green
Due to issues with the car's Autosteer feature, what electric car company issued a recall last month for 2 million of its vehicles ?  Tesla 
In 1985, who became the first pro wrestler to host Saturday Night Live when he co-hosted with Mr. T?  Hulk Hogan

General Knowledge
What is the common name for the plant Nicotiana tabacum?  Tobacco
The surname of what scientist is also the name of a unit that measures radioactivity?  Curie
What is the largest marine mammal species?  Blue Whale
In the realm of fairy tales, what siblings encountered a witch's gingerbread house in the forest?  Hansel and Gretel 
What sweetener made from corn is commonly abbreviated as "HFCS"?  High-fructose corn syrup
What is the 10-letter job title for the individual responsible for crafting the text in an advertisement or other publicity material?  Copywriter
What type of electrical charge does a Proton have?  Positive
What is the only bone in the skull that has the ability to move?  Mandible (Jaw)
What is the capital city of Texas?  Austin
In terms of names, what does the prefix Mc or Mac mean?  Son of
Colin Firth plays what character in the Bridget Jones movies?  Mark Darcy

Bonus Round
What type of waves do most TV remote controls use to change channels?  Infrared Waves
What is the primary color in the painting The Kiss by Gustav Klimt?  Gold/Yellow
One of the main realms of the Holy Roman Empire was the Kingdom of Arles, also known by what name associated with French wine?  Burgundy
Eggs Sardou are poached eggs over creamed spinach and what other vegetable?  Artichokes
What is the national animal of Canada?  Beaver
In the Bible, what is the second book of the Old Testament?  Exodus
What was the occupation of the cotton candy machine’s inventor William Morrison?  Dentist
In 1967, the daughter of what world leader defected to the United States?  Josef Stalin
‘The Edict of Nantes’ was important legislation for the expansion of religious freedom in what country?  France
What is the only planet named after a Greek god?  Uranus



Game 240123F
Game Date: Tuesday, January 23, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What media mogul served lemon drop martinis to such guests as Diana Ross and Coretta Scott King at her 2006 Legends Ball?  Oprah Winfrey
What comedian recently hosted the 2024 Golden Globes?  Jo Koy 
"I'm Gonna Getcha Good!" was a 2002 hit song for what artist?  Shania Twain
What car company recalled one million of its vehicles last month — including Camrys and Rav4s — over a possible air bag defect?  Toyota 
"Here's looking at you, kid" is an iconic line from what classic movie?  Casablanca
Just days after he was ordered to pay $150 million in a defamation lawsuit, what former mayor of New York City declared bankruptcy on December 21st ?  Rudy Giuliani 
Starring Timothée Chalamet as the title character, what film opened in theaters on Friday, December 15th?  Wonka 
What supermodel appeared on the first cover of George, the magazine co-founded by John F. Kennedy Jr.?          Cindy Crawford
On what NBC drama series did Ron Cephas Jones clinch an Emmy for his captivating guest role as William Hill (the biological father of Randall)?  This is Us
Tom Hanks portrayed the ’stranded’ character Chuck Noland in what 2000 movie?  Cast Away



General Knowledge
In the NFL, what was the primary position played by Barry Sanders?  Running Back
Thoracic, lumbar, and sacral are areas of what bone structure?  Spine
What country is home to the headquarters of the Holy See?  Vatican City
Blueberries are often cited as a great source of what molecules that neutralize harmful free radicals in the body?  Antioxidants
In the classic nursery rhyme Three Blind Mice, whose carving knife is responsible for severing the tails of the mice?  The farmer's wife
What type of charge does an electron have?  Negative 
Spanish explorers went looking for the mythical city of El Dorado on what continent?  South America
What is a young kangaroo called?  Joey
What do you add to coffee to make it mocha?  Chocolate
Bicentennial is an anniversary of how many years?  200 years
Irina Shayk dated what actor between 2015 and 2019?  Bradley Cooper

Bonus Round
What is it called when a planet is closest to the Sun in its orbit, resulting in a higher orbital speed?  Perihelion
What is the chemical symbol for tin?  Sn
In what country did Joe Jonas become a judge on The Voice in 2018?  Australia
What Protestant Reformation figure, best known for his 95 Theses, was condemned as an outlaw by the Holy Roman Empire?  Martin Luther 
What is the official name of the Japanese salad that consists of thinly sliced cucumbers seasoned with rice vinegar, sugar, and salt?  Sunomono
Two years prior to his notorious act of treason, what American hero led the victory at the Second Battle of Saratoga?  Benedict Arnold
Sonia Sotomayor was the first Latino American to be appointed to what US government body?  Supreme Court
The first sub-four minute mile was run in what UK city in 1954?  Oxford
The first Wal-Mart store opened in what decade?  1960s
In the Bible, what is the third book of the Old Testament?  Leviticus


Game 240124F
Game Date: Wednesday, January 24, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Nicknamed "Ol' Blue Eyes”, what singer was buried with a bottle of his favorite libation -- Jack Daniel's whiskey?    Frank Sinatra 
On Monday, December 18th, a volcano erupted on the Reykjanes peninsula of what country?  Iceland 
"Cross Me" featuring Chance the Rapper was a hit off No.6 Collaborations, an album by what English singer?            Ed Sheeran
What actor released the mini-album Ken the EP last month?  Ryan Gosling 
What city is the setting for the musical movie La La Land?  Los Angeles
What Chief Justice of the Supreme Court recently delivered one of the eulogies at the funeral for Sandra Day O'Connor?  John Roberts 
What type of animal was Disney’s Bambi?  Deer
What 1995 film, starring Tom Hanks as Jim Lovell, was added to the Library of Congress National Film Registry on December 13th?  Apollo 13 
What fictional mail-order company does Wile E. Coyote get his various weapons and devices from?  Acme 
Peter Dinklage played Tyrion Lannister on what HBO series?  Game of Thrones

General Knowledge
What therapeutic practice involves fragrances, such as candles, essential oils, and even bath-bombs?  Aromatherapy
In the world of crime-solving, what fictional detective resides at 221B Baker Street in London?  Sherlock Holmes
In the NFL, what was the primary position played by Ray Lewis?  Linebacker
What nutrient, essential for muscle function, is often found in bananas and is known to help prevent cramps?  Potassium
*SPELLING COUNTS* What is the correct spelling of “guerilla”, when used in the phrase “guerilla warfare.”                G-U-E-R-I-L-L-A
What tissue has the main function of binding and supporting other tissues?  Connective
What is the capital of South Dakota?  Pierre
What bird is recognized a symbol of peace?  Dove
Coffee liqueur and vodka are the typical ingredients for what cocktail?  Black Russian
Horus was the God of the sun and the sky in what ancient civilization?  Egypt

Joan Collins played what character in the TV series Dynasty?  Alexis Colby

Bonus Round
Often referred to as the House of Austria, what dynasty experienced nearly continuous control over the Holy Roman Empire from 1440 to 1806?”  House of Habsburg
Starring Kevin Sorbo as Captain Dylan Hunt, in what TV series is the fictional star system of Tarn-Vedra depicted?  Andromeda
The first Playboy Club opened in what US city in 1960?  Chicago
What classic tune contains the lyrics "Isn’t it rich? Are we a pair? Me here at last on the ground, you in mid-air?"    Send In The Clowns
Who coined the electrical terms positive and negative?  Benjamin Franklin
The first test flights of the Concorde supersonic jet took place in what country in 1969?  France
Wood from what tree is traditionally used for making cricket bats?  Willow
What comes after "Henley Royal" in the name of a British summer sporting event?  Regatta
The process for carbonating water was invented in what century?  18th
The name of what pasta means “little worms”?  Vermicelli 



Game 240125F
Game Date: Thursday, January 25, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Last month, Suki Waterhouse got engaged to what Twilight actor?  Robert Pattinson 
"That's What I Like" was a 2017 hit for what artist?  Bruno Mars
What US state recently unveiled its new state flag, which prominently features the North Star?  Minnesota 
Recovery was the seventh studio album by what Detroit based rapper?  Eminem
What company was tentatively acquired by Nippon Steel last month for over $14 billion?  U.S. Steel 
"My Cherie Amour" was a 1969 album by what artist?  Stevie Wonder
Bruni the Salamander, the fire spirit from Frozen II, is what color?  Blue  
Golden Globe nominations were announced last month -- what movie directed by Greta Gerwig was the most nominated-film?  Barbie 
What is the only film to date that starred both Denzel Washington and Tom Hanks?  Philadelphia 
Hailing from Michigan, what outspoken guitarist is often referred to as the "Motor City Madman"?  Ted Nugent

General Knowledge
What bird lends its name to fine lines around the eyes?  Crow
What is the capital of Wisconsin?  Madison
What author and creator of James Bond preferred gin and vermouth for his shaken, not stirred martinis?  Ian Fleming 
In the NFL, what was the primary position played by Jerry Rice?  Wide Receiver 
In the common saying, what does a bad workman always blame?  His tools
What vitamin, often associated with sunshine, plays a crucial role in calcium absorption and bone health?  Vitamin D
What major river serves as the dividing line between the "East Half" and the "West Half" of South Dakota?       Missouri River
What type of electrical charge does a Neutron have?  Neutral (none)
What is the Spanish word for beer?  Cerveza
Where in the body is the femoral artery located?  Thigh




Isla Nublar is the setting for what 90’s movie?  Jurassic Park

Bonus Round
Depicted with two heads, what bird was featured on the imperial banner of the Holy Roman Empire?  Eagle 
What is the only planet in our solar system not named after a god?  Earth
What is the name for the jelly often used to preserve meat?  Aspic
What is the only infectious disease which science has been able to eradicate?  Smallpox
In what country could you take a dip in hot springs called the Blue Lagoon?  Iceland
The Battle of Kursk was part of what larger conflict?  World War II
The first jet airline flight in May of 1952 was from London to what city?  Johannesburg
Rudolf Nureyev was famous in what field of the Arts?  Dance
Spiro Agnew was Vice President to whom from 1969 to 1973?  Richard Nixon
Settler John Winthrop was governor of a colony in what modern-day state?  Massachusetts

Game 240128F
Game Date: Sunday, January 28, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Set to release on February 2nd this year, who is cast as the title character in the upcoming film Argylle? Henry Cavill
Rita Wilson married what Hollywood actor in 1988?  Tom Hanks
Who was Jack's girlfriend in the song by John Mellencamp?  Diane
What soccer player's post celebrating his 2022 FIFA World Cup victory has become the most-liked post in Instagram history?  Lionel Messi
Kelly Bundy was played by what actress in the T.V series Married, With Children?  Christina Applegate
Receiving a 94% audience score on Rotten Tomatoes, what 1989 Disney animation saw a live action remake in May of 2023?  The Little Mermaid
What family had children named Wednesday and Pugsley?  The Addams Family
Which Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle wears an orange mask?  Michelangelo
What musical group sang "Losing my Religion” in 1991?  REM
What instrument is played by both Sherri and Terri in the T.V animated series The Simpsons?  Piccolo (flute)

General Knowledge
What was the name of the NASA mission that first put man on the moon?  Apollo
What is the hardest substance in the human body?  Tooth enamel
Also their national animal; what animal is sacred in Thailand?  Elephant
Dermis and Subcutis are layers in what organ?  Skin
What is the one-word name for the fear of confined spaces?  Claustrophobia
What relation was Orville Wright to Wilbur Wright?  Brother
What term is given to a lifestyle that consists of little to no physical activity?  Sedentary
In the Bible, what is the first book of the New Testament?  Matthew 
“The Great One” is a nickname that refers to what former NHL player?  Wayne Gretzky
In math, an angle that is greater than 90 degrees has what name?  Obtuse
What Meryl Streep movie is about exposing bad practice at a nuclear plant?  Silkwood

Bonus Round
In the game of scrabble, what two letter tiles have a value of 2 points?  D and G
What device is clipped onto the neck of a guitar to raise its pitch?  Capo
What top hat-wearing animated frog made his debut in the 1955 Warner Brothers cartoon One Froggy Evening?  Michigan J. Frog
What replaced the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT) in 1995?  World Trade Organization
What is the name of the theoretical shell of icy objects beyond the Kuiper Belt?  Oort Cloud
Where is the anterior cruciate ligament located?  The knee
Bookstore salesclerk Jo Stockton is played by Audrey Hepburn in what film?  Funny Face
What plant, used in medicine, was said to shriek when pulled from the ground?  Mandrake
Djembe is a drum from what part of the world?  West Africa
What was the first name of former president George H. W. Bush's father?  Prescott

Game 240129F
Game Date: Monday, January 29, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
In the Pixar film Onward, brothers Barley and Ian work to perform a spell to bring back what deceased family member?  Dad
Last month, HBO announced that what comedy series starring Larry David would be airing its final season in 2024?  Curb Your Enthusiasm 
In the 1982 film An Officer and a Gentleman who stars as Zack Mayo?  Richard Gere
Who won ‘Best Original Screenplay’ for her work on the film Lost in Translation?  Sofia Coppola
What “All About That Bass” singer had a 2014 hit with "Lips Are Movin"?  Meghan Trainor
On December 27th, what major US newspaper filed a lawsuit against Microsoft and OpenAI for copyright infringement?  New York Times 
The 2000s TV series The OC is set in what US state?  California
After missing for three weeks, what imprisoned Russian opposition leader was found alive on December 25th in a penal colony north of the Arctic circle?  Alexei Navalny 
An 80’s police drama was about number 21 on what street?  Jump 
The 2003 movie Gigli starred Jennifer Lopez and what fellow actor and now husband?  Ben Affleck

General Knowledge
What system is the body's defense against infection?  Immune System
Who was the first man to set foot on the moon during the Apollo 11 mission in 1969?  Neil Armstrong
What Indian bread, typically leavened and cooked in a tandoor oven, is a staple accompaniment to many Indian dishes?  Naan 
Earth Day is celebrated in what month of the year?  April
What bodily fluid is produced by the mouth to moisten and help break down food before swallowing?  Saliva
What is the capital of Portugal?  Lisbon
Ray Kroc founded what fast food retail brand in April 1955?  McDonald’s
Olympic Airlines started flying from what country in 1957?  Greece
Aleph, Beth, Gimel, and Dalet are the first four letters in what language?  Hebrew
An atoll is formed from what material?  Coral
American Stars 'n Bars is a 70’s album by what Canadian artist?  Neil Young

Bonus Round
Pervez Musharaf resigned as President of what country in 2008?  Pakistan
A Ukrainian Christmas meal typically has 12 dishes on the table, to symbolize what?   The 12 Apostles
Sometimes called the "Father of Europe" for his role in unifying Western Europe during his reign, what King of the Franks also served as emperor of Rome from 800 until his death in 814?  Charlemagne 
List the following three European countries in order of size, largest to smallest: Finland, Germany, Poland.        Answer: Germany, Finland, Poland
Outlaw Robert LeRoy Parker is better known by what name?  Butch Cassidy
A Zebra Swallowtail is what type of creature?  Butterfly
A torture chamber called "Room 101" appears in what famous book?  Nineteen Eighty-Four/1984
A Vichysoisse soup contains potato, onion, and what other vegetable?  Leeks
In what decade was the 36th US President, Lyndon B. Johnson, born?  1900s 
What unit of measurement (equal to four inches) is used to measure horses?  Hands


Game 240130F
Game Date: Tuesday, January 30, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
In the Pixar film Onward, what color hair do brothers Barley and Ian have?  Blue
What film, directed by Michael Mann and starring Adam Driver as the title character, opened in theaters this past Christmas Day?  Ferrari 
What video game recently won ‘Game of the Year’ at The Game Awards 2023?  Baldur's Gate 3 
What band went platinum with their 1994 debut album, Cracked Rear View?  Hootie & The Blowfish 
Who became famous in 2004 when he sang the Ricky Martin song “She Bangs” for his American Idol audition?    William Hung 
Meg, Chris, and Stewie are the children in what animated TV series?  Family Guy
What company was granted permission to continue selling its smartwatches in the US last month after an import ban was temporarily paused by a court?  Apple 
The United Kingdom recently announced it was sending a warship to South America amid tensions between Guyana and what country?  Venezuela 
Gabriella Montez and Troy Bolton are the main characters in what musical movie franchise?  High School Musical
Taylor Swift’s current boyfriend, Travis Kelce, is a player in the NFL for what team? Kansas City Chiefs


General Knowledge
Hemophobia is the fear of what?  Blood
Who was the second man to set foot on the moon during the Apollo 11 mission in 1969?  Buzz Aldrin
What mineral, the most abundant mineral in the human body, is said to help prevent such conditions as osteoporosis?  Calcium 
Grenadine cordial is made from what fruit?  Pomegranate
In electronics, what name refers to a negative electrode?  Cathode
Beta Blockers help with issues in what organ?  Heart
What is the S.I. unit of sound intensity?  Decibel
A centaur is half man and half what other creature?  Horse
What would the police use silver chloride for?  Fingerprinting
What is the capital of France?  Paris

Joseph Fiennes played what character in the Hulu series The Handmaid's Tale?                                                             Fred Waterford (aka Commander Waterford)

Bonus Round
What traditional Greek dish consists of layers of eggplant, ground meat, and béchamel sauce that is baked to perfection?  Moussaka 
What Showtime series starred David Duchovny as novelist Hank Moody?  Californication 
List the following three European countries in order of size, largest to smallest: Greece, Ireland, Portugal.         Answer: Greece, Portugal, Ireland  
In 2008, British supermarket chain Sainsbury's became the first major retailer in the United Kingdom to ban what unsaturated fats from its store brand foods?  Trans fats
What element has the lowest number of isotopes with only three?  Hydrogen
In what decade was the 21st US President, Chester Arthur, born?  1820s
Paul Van Doren founded what shoe brand in 1966?  Vans
What is the technical name for a person who collects stamps?  Philatelist 
"Reader, I married him," is the conclusion to what famous novel?  Jane Eyre
The Battle of Guadalcanal took place in what Pacific Islands?  Solomon Islands

Game 240131F
Game Date: Wednesday, January 31, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
In the Pixar film Brave, how many brothers, identical to each other, does Merida have?  3
Last month, director Todd Phillips shared two new images of Joaquin Phoenix and Lady Gaga from the set of the upcoming sequel to what 2019 film?  Joker 
In the Harry Potter books and films, what platform number does the Hogwarts Express leave from?  9 ¾ 
On Saturday, December 9th, LSU quarterback Jayden Daniels was named the 2023 winner of what prestigious college football award?  Heisman Trophy 
Country singer Blake Shelton is currently married to fellow singer Gwen Stefani.  Prior to this marriage, he was married to what other fellow singer?  Miranda Lambert
What action hero stars in the 1990 film Total Recall?  Arnold Schwarzenegger
What James Bond film was re-titled 007 Dies Twice for its release in Japan?  You Only Live Twice 
5150 and OU812 were albums by what rock band?  Van Halen
What former US President included three films from his own production company -- Higher Ground -- on his recently released list of his favorite movies of 2023?  Barack Obama 
"At first I was afraid, I was petrified" are the opening lines of a famous song by what artist?  Gloria Gaynor


General Knowledge
In electronics, what name refers to a positive electrode?  Anode
What real-life outlaw duo were famously pursued by the lawmen Frank Hamer and Maney Gault during the Great Depression era?  Bonnie & Clyde
What traditional Chinese medicine involves inserting needles into the body?  Acupuncture
What Italian dessert consists of coffee-soaked ladyfingers layered with a mascarpone cheese mixture and dusted with cocoa powder?  Tiramisu 
In music, what word describes an instrument which produces sound without electronic amplification?  Acoustic
What term is used to describe the purity of gold?  Karat
Rocky Marciano was a 1953 champion in what sport?  Boxing
What is the capital of Italy?  Rome
Breadth is another name for which of these mathematical terms: Length, Width, or Height?  Answer: Width  
*SPELLING COUNTS* What is the proper spelling of the word aneurysm? A_N_E_U_R_Y_S_M

Morrissey was the lead singer of what British band?  The Smiths

Bonus Round
Who is said to have consumed half a bottle of Chambertin wine cut with ice water at every meal while ruling over France from 1804 to 1814?  Napoleon Bonaparte
Scurvy is a disease deriving from the lack of what vitamin?  Vitamin C
In January, 2017, what former governor of South Carolina was sworn in as the US ambassador to the United Nations?  Nikki Haley
List the following three European countries in order of size, largest to smallest: Belgium, Denmark, Switzerland.  Answer: Denmark, Switzerland, Belgium
Dysphagia is difficulty with what?  Swallowing
Who invented the first metal detector in 1881?  Alexander Graham Bell
The element Lawrencium was first made in a lab in what University in 1961?  Berkeley
Princess Elizabeth was visiting what country when she first heard of the death of George VI in 1952?  Kenya
What cells in the eye help you to see color?  Cones
What is the name of the NASA mission which aims to put man on the moon again by 2024?  Artemis




Game 240201F
Game Date: Thursday, February 1, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
"Highest in the Room" was a 2019 hit for what rapper?  Travis Scott
On December 13th, Donald Tusk took office as Prime Minister of what European country?  Poland 
In the animated series, The Simpsons, what type of establishment does Homer work at?  Nuclear Power Plant
What youngest daughter of Holy Roman Emperor Francis I was portrayed in a 2006 film by Kirsten Dunst?            Marie Antoinette 
On what Food Network show, hosted by Alton Brown, did contestants have to deal with sabotages as they make a dish?  Cutthroat Kitchen 
In the Pixar film Brave, what color is Merida’s hair?  Red
Two men were recently arrested for removing an anti-war sign posted in London by what famously reclusive street artist?  Banksy 
What film, based on a stage musical adapted from an Alice Walker novel, opened in theaters on Christmas Day?       The Color Purple 
What team recently set the dubious record for the longest single-season losing streak in NBA history?  Detroit Pistons 
In the Star Wars films, what was the last name of Luke?  Skywalker

General Knowledge
Yogurt is commonly cited as a good source of what live microorganisms that help with gut health?  Probiotics
What Middle Eastern dessert is made from layers of phyllo dough filled with chopped nuts and sweetened with honey or syrup?  Baklava 
What famous waterway was nationalized by Egyptian president Gamal Abdel Nasser on July 26, 1956?  Suez Canal 
The '60s hair cut, which was made famous by The Beatles, was named after what household item?  Mop (Top)
What sound storage system was invented by Philips and Sony in 1980?  CD (Compact Disc)
What is the more common name for Avian Flu?  Bird Flu
The Dollywood theme park is located in what US state?  Tennessee
Caribou is another name for what animal?  Reindeer
What is the capital of (the Republic of) Ireland?  Dublin
In the common idiom, what color lining does every cloud have?  Silver


Kaia Gerber is the daughter of what 80’s supermodel?  Cindy Crawford

Bonus Round
Shaka was a 19th century leader of what famous African civilization?  Zulu Empire
Clothing that is custom-made for you by a tailor has what name?  Bespoke
The screwdriver — or "my orange drink," as he called it — was the cocktail of choice for what author of In Cold Blood?  Truman Capote 
Jons Jacob Berzelius was a famous chemist from what country?  Sweden
Brigade 2506 was the CIA-sponsored group of exiles who attempted what failed 1961 military invasion?                   Bay of Pigs Invasion
List the following three European countries in order of size, largest to smallest: Spain, Norway, France.             Answer: France, Spain, Norway
What is the name of the science of alloying and treating metals?  Metallurgy
At 12 wins, what film studio has the most Academy Awards for ‘Best Picture’?  Columbia Pictures
Bright's disease affects what organ?  Kidneys
What street in London is famous for being a medical hub and location to many specialists?  Harley Street


Game 240204F
Game Date: Sunday, February 4, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Wesley Snipes and what actor got their first big-screen credits in the football comedy Wildcats?  Hint: The two would pair up again for a basketball comedy six years later.  Woody Harrelson
In the popular Tchaikovsky ballet, a girl named Odette is turned into what type of bird?  Swan
In October 2022, Hasbro Inc. and the New York Times released a new board game based on what obsessively popular digital word-guessing game?  Wordle
What band starred in a television special in 1967 called Magical Mystery Tour?  The Beatles
What Chuck Berry classic does Marty perform at the Enchantment Under the Sea dance in the first Back to the Future film?  Johnny B. Goode
Glenn Close and Michael Douglas had what sort of attraction in a 1987 movie?  Fatal
"Hakuna Matata" is a song from what Disney animated film?  The Lion King
"You Can't Stop the Beat" is a song from what award-winning Broadway musical?  Hairspray
Charlize Theron is an actress from what country?  South Africa
What video game character, beginning with the letter Q, was licensed by Sony for appearances in Wreck-It Ralph and Pixels?  Q*Bert


General Knowledge
What toy which is one of the best-selling of all time, was originally developed to teach students about 3D geometry?  Rubik’s Cube
How many boroughs make up New York city?  5
What children's author penned the seminal work, One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish?  Dr. Seuss
According to Freud's psychoanalytic theory, what is the third component of the psychic apparatus - along with ego and super-ego?  Id
What is the most formal dress code when attending an event?  White-Tie
Between 1896 and 1899, around 100,000 people traveled to Alaska looking for what?  Gold
Pain caused by Tonsillitis affects what area in the body?  Throat
Edwin Hubble was an American scientist in what field?  Astronomy
If you order wurst in Germany, what kind of food would you be ordering?  Sausage
What is the name of the time machine in the popular British T.V show Doctor Who?  TARDIS

Knots Landing was a spin-off of what primetime soap opera?  Dallas

Bonus Round
What Latin phrase means ‘in good faith’?  Bona Fide
Who painted the famous painting 'Cypresses'?  Vincent van Gogh
What is the name for the Mesopotamian temples that closely resemble a pyramid with steps?  Ziggurats
The steam ship S.S. Karnak was the main setting in Death on the Nile, a book by what author?  Agatha Christie
Who ruled over Spain from 1939 until his death in 1975?  Francisco Franco
What French philosopher introduced his theory of mind-body dualism in his 15th-century work Meditations on First Philosophy?  René Descartes
What famous bridge connects Dawes Point to Milson's Point?  Sydney Harbour Bridge
Originating in Brazil, what dance became a worldwide sensation in the 1980s, when it was known as "the forbidden dance"?  Lambada
What Shakespearean character was known as the ‘Thane of Cawdor’?  Macbeth
In what year was the first Super Bowl held?   1967


Game 240205F
Game Date: Monday, February 5, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
In the Harry Potter books and movies, Peter Pettigrew turns himself into what type of animal?  Rat
The 1982 song "Ebony and Ivory" was sung by Paul McCartney and what other singer?  Stevie Wonder
A young girl in a red coat is one of the only instances of color in what 1993 film directed by Steven Spielberg?  Schindler's List
Finish this Lionel Richie lyric: "That's why I'm easy, easy like _____________...” (2 words)  Answer: Sunday Morning
This past January 2nd, Claudine Gay resigned as president of what Ivy League university?  Harvard 
What film won ‘Best Motion Picture - Drama’ at the January 7th Golden Globe Awards?  Oppenheimer
The story of Les Miserables culminates in the 1832 June Rebellion in what city?  Paris
In the 1999 Disney animated film, what is the name of Tarzan’s girlfriend?  Jane
Actress Nia Vardalos wrote what 2002 rom-com about her own personal experience meeting her husband and introducing him to her family?  My Big Fat Greek Wedding 
What singer adopted the nickname “Prince of Darkness”?  Ozzy Osbourne 


General Knowledge
How many divisions exist within the NFL?  8
What two colors are associated with retailer Ikea?  Blue & Yellow
What type of doctor is trained to administer and manage the drugs given during a surgical procedure, such as the one used to put a patient to sleep?  Anesthesiologists
In what US state is the Central Intelligence Agency, commonly known as the CIA, headquartered?  Virginia 
In what city can the Liberty Bell be found?  Philadelphia
What dish from Spain consists of saffron-seasoned rice cooked with a variety of ingredients, often including seafood, chicken, or vegetables?  Paella
What mythical creature might appear when you rub a magic lamp?  Genie
What military term means a surprise attack from a concealed position on a moving or temporarily halted target?  Ambush
What is the purpose of the equipment known as an autoclave?  Sterilization
What is the currency of England?  Pound (Sterling)



Alan Rickman plays what character in the 1991 film Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves?  Alan Rickman

Bonus Round
François “Papa Doc” Duvalier ruled what Caribbean country in the 20th century?  Haiti
In December 1995, the unmanned spacecraft Galileo became the first spacecraft to orbit what planet?  Jupiter
The Boxer Rebellion of 1898 to 1901 took place in what country?  China
What American general oversaw the US occupation of post-war Japan from 1945 to 1951?  Douglas MacArthur 
In 2007, Steve Jobs launched the iPhone for the first time; in what city did this take place?  San Francisco
The character Penelope Pitstop appeared first in what 60’s and 70’s cartoon?  Wacky Races
In the classic version of the game Trivial Pursuit, what category does blue represent?  Geography
What element on the periodic table is the lightest?  Hydrogen
Pearl Harbor was located on what Hawaiian island?  Oahu
Who popularized the '60s phrase "turn on, tune in, drop out"?  Timothy Leary





Game 240206F
Game Date: Tuesday, February 6, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
“With the lights out, it's less dangerous / Here we are now, entertain us / I feel stupid and contagious” are the lyrics from a song by what band?  Nirvana
MC DJ and what other stage name are Donald Glover's musical personas?  Childish Gambino
What production company, founded by James Wan, officially merged with Jason Blum’s Blumhouse Production company last month?  Atomic Monster Productions
American teenager Willis Gibson recently posted a video where he claims to be the first person to ever beat what video game created by Alexey Pajitnov?  Tetris 
What real animal does the creature King Kong most closely resemble?  Gorilla
Actress Glynis Johns passed away on January 4th at the age of 100 – to many film fans, she is best known for her role as Winifred Banks in what 1964 Disney film?  Mary Poppins
Comedy pair John Belushi and Dan Aykroyd starred in what 1980 musical movie together?  Blues Brothers
Jed, Jethro, and Elly May were characters in what 60’s TV show?  Beverly Hillbillies
“Hotline Bling” is a song recorded by what Canadian rapper?  Drake
Alyson Hannigan portrays Lily in what 2005 sitcom?  How I Met Your Mother


General Knowledge
In 1950, President Harry S. Truman approved the construction of what type of bomb?  Hydrogen
The world's first sunglasses with a polarizing filter were created by what company best known for its instant cameras?  Polaroid 
In Poker, a change in a player's behavior or demeanor that is said to give clues to that player's hand is known as what?  A tell
Along with the Jacksonville Jaguars, what other team joined as an expansion team to the NFL for the 1995 season?  Carolina Panthers 
The five senses include: vision, hearing, smell, taste, and what other sense?  Touch
What Middle Eastern dip, made from mashed chickpeas, tahini, lemon juice, and garlic, is often served with pita bread and vegetables?  Hummus
Stephanie Kwolek invented what polymer, used in body armor and bulletproof vests?  Kevlar
The study of statistics relating to births and deaths is called what?  Demography
In the fairytale, Snow White was poisoned by what fruit?  Apple
Germany shares its northern land border with what country?  Denmark

Animated series South Park is set in what US state?  Colorado 

Bonus Round
The Allied invasion of Normandy, better known as "D-Day", took place on June 6th of what year?  1944
Off the coast of what country did the SS Edmund Fitzgerald sink?  Canada
In what decade was French artist Claude Monet born?  1840s
In the classic version of the game Trivial Pursuit, what category does pink represent?  Entertainment
Ophthalmophobia is the morbid fear of what?  Being seen in public or being stared at
What is the name for the large, puffy, fair weather clouds?  Cumulus 
In 2000, who won the ‘Nobel Peace Prize’ for work on human rights in South Korea?  Kim Dae-Jung
The French food of "foie gras" can be the liver of what two types of bird?  Goose & Duck
Not including territories, Ireland and what other European country have virtually no trees at 11% forest coverage? Netherlands
Milton Obote was deposed as leader of what country in 1971?  Uganda


Game 240207F
Game Date: Wednesday, February 7, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What new league was recently announced from the merger of the XFL and the USFL?  United Football League (UFL)
What Lou Bega song has the lyrics "Jump up and down and move it all around / Shake your head to the sound / Put your hand on the ground"?  Mambo No. 5
Larry, Darryl, and Darryl were three eccentric brothers on what sitcom?  Newhart
What 2021 Netflix comedy starred Timothée Chalamet in the role of “Yule”? Don’t Look Up
What production company, founded by Jason Blum, officially merged with James Wan's Atomic Monster Productions last month?  Blumhouse
What 1928 animated short film, featuring Mickey Mouse as the captain of a paddle steamer, recently entered the public domain after its copyright expired?  Steamboat Willie 
In the world of pop music, what English duo (known for their electronic music) released hits like “West End Girls” and “It's a Sin”?  Pet Shop Boys
In the Pixar films, The Incredibles & The Incredibles 2, what color is the letter ‘I’ on the matching super hero costumes of the Parr family?  Yellow/Gold 
While they were still active, what band member famously left One Direction?  Zayn (Malik)
Mila Kunis lived in what present-day country until the age of seven?  Ukraine



General Knowledge
Enero in Spanish translates to what month in English?  January
Of the four major sports leagues, which does not have a team based in Canada?  NFL
Horton the elephant discovers the town of Whoville on a speck of dust in what 1954 children's book?                   Horton Hears a Who! 
In Peru, what classic dish features thin slices of raw fish or seafood, often marinated in lime or lemon juice, and is known for its fresh and tangy flavor?  Ceviche
What military term is used to describe an unidentified aircraft or missile, especially one detected as a blip on a radar screen?  Bogey
What Italian region is the largest Mediterranean island and is located just off the “toe” of Italy's “boot”?  Sicily
How is Lyme Disease contracted?  Tick Bite
The alleged Roswell UFO incident took place in what US state?  New Mexico
Atrial fibrillation affects what major organ of the body?  Heart
What is the most popular flavor of the soft drink Fanta; it was also the original flavor?  Orange 

Alex Pall and Andrew Taggart make up what DJ duo?  The Chainsmokers

Bonus Round
In heraldry, what color is known as gules?  Red
An album by what rock group was automatically downloaded to all iTunes users in 2014?  U2
What Swedish tennis player defeated John McEnroe to win the 1980 Wimbledon gentlemen's singles championship?  Björn Borg 
Who was President of the United States when World War II ended in 1945?  Harry S. Truman 
In the classic version of the game Trivial Pursuit, what category does yellow represent?  History
What two European countries have square flags?  Switzerland & Vatican City
What was Queen Mary of England's nickname?  Bloody Mary
In 1995, Princess Diana was famously interviewed by whom?  Martin Bashir
In culinary terms, "En croute" means wrapped in what?  Crust (aka pastry dough)
What element makes up 18% of the human body, making it the second most abundant?  Carbon


Game 240208F
Game Date: Thursday, February 8, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who sings these lyrics: "We are strong / No one can tell us we're wrong / Searching our hearts for so long"?              Pat Benatar
On January 3rd, what US state became the first to qualify Robert F. Kennedy Jr. for the state's presidential ballot?  Utah
What rock singer had a posthumous hit in 1971 with her cover of Kris Kristofferson's “Me and Bobby McGee”?         Janis Joplin 
What type of animal is Lord Voldemort’s pet, Nagini, in the Harry Potter books and movies?  Snake
Margrethe II recently announced that she would be abdicating the throne of what country?  Denmark 
On Saturday January 27, the Bruins had a victory of 6-2 against what team? Philadelphia Flyers
Who are the iconic film directors known for their collaboration on classics like Raising Arizona and Fargo?                The Coen Brothers
In Pixar’s 2023 film, Elemental, what two ‘elements of nature’ are represented by the main characters?  Fire & Water
The 1973 song  "Dream On" is one of the signature songs by what rock band?  Aerosmith
Jin, Suga, and J-Hope are members of what boyband?  BTS



General Knowledge
How many conferences exist within the NFL?  2
What French dish consists of ground or chopped beef, often seasoned with capers, onions, and a mustard-based sauce?  Steak Tartare
Salem's Lot and The Stand are novels by what writer?  Stephen King
What continent is the world's largest by land area?  Asia
What government agency is in charge of placing individuals into the ‘Witness Protection Program’?  US Marshalls
What is the name of the flag flow by a pirate ship?  Jolly Roger
In 1989, what First Lady moved into the White House?  Barbara Bush
The tricuspid valve is located in what part of the body?  Heart
Water freezes at 32 degrees on what scale?  Fahrenheit
In 1960 the capital of Brazil moved to Brasília; what was it prior to this?  Rio de Janeiro
Andrew Ridgeley was part of what 80s duo?  Wham!

Bonus Round
The Mediterranean island of Rhodes belongs to what country?  Greece
On July 24, 1797, what legendary British admiral lost his right arm at the Battle of Santa Cruz?  Horatio Nelson 
Who was President of the United States when World War II began in 1939?  Franklin D. Roosevelt 
In the classic version of the game Trivial Pursuit, what category does green represent?  Science & Nature
What country is officially called Bharat?  India
What is the longest river in Great Britain; it creates a natural border between the countries of England and Wales?   The River Severn
The theoretical shell of icy objects beyond the Kuiper Belt has what name?  Oort Cloud
In Disney’s Frozen films, what is the name of Elsa and Anna’s father? Agnarr
A Swede is a cross between a turnip and what other vegetable?  Cabbage
The Artful Dodger is a character in what famous novel?  Oliver Twist

Game 240211F
Game Date: Sunday, February 11, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Also a plant, what is the name of Katniss' younger sister in The Hunger Games series?  Primrose
What Fresh Prince of Bel Air actor starred in the film Wild, Wild West?  Will Smith
On January 21, what GOP candidate suspended his presidential campaign following the Iowa caucus? Ron DeSantis
What is the name of Ariel's fish friend in Disney’s The Little Mermaid?  Flounder
The T.V comedy series South Park was created by Matt Stone and what other person?  Trey Parker
The 2024 Summer Olympics will be held in what city? Paris
What is the lion lacking in The Wizard of Oz?  Courage
Singer Niall Horan was formerly part of what boy band?  One Direction
The 2004 movie Ella Enchanted stars what actress as Ella?  Anne Hathaway
What popular actress stars as Julia Carpenter in Madame Web, a new marvel comics film hitting theaters this Valentine’s Day? Sydney Sweeney

General Knowledge
Banana, mango, or blueberry, which one was never a flavor of Nesquik powder?  Blueberry
North American types of what edible bird include Montezuma, Mountain, and Northern Bobwhite?  Quail
Who holds the record for being the youngest heavy weight champion ever, at 20 years 4 months old?  Mike Tyson
What type of pipe was used by both General Douglas MacArthur and Frosty the Snowman?  Corn cob pipe
Manx cats are lacking what feature?  Tails
What term is given to the common disorder in which it is hard to fall asleep, hard to stay asleep, or causes you to wake up too early?  Insomnia
The Battle of Waterloo took place in what modern European country?  Belgium
What is the name of the monster reputed to live in Loch Ness?  Nessie
Triton is the most famous moon of what planet?  Neptune
The Prime Meridian, located at 0 degrees longitude, is located in what country?  England
A sleeper ship called Avalon features in what sci-fi movie?  Passengers

Bonus Round
The first Winter Olympics were held in 1924 in what country?  France
How many total Oscar nominations did the 1996 film The English Patient receive?  12
The European Space Agency's mission control is located in what German city?  Darmstadt
Of the following three directors: Francis Ford Coppola, James Cameron, and Steven Spielberg - which was born first?  Francis Ford Coppola (1939)
The oddly named Sausage Tree hails from what continent?  Africa
What English artist's brother starred as Theon Greyjoy in the HBO series Game of Thrones?  Lily Allen
What was the nationality of the first non-Italian Pope since 1523?  Polish
Sibilance is a name for what sort of sound?  Hissing
The Dail is one of two houses in the parliament of what European country?  Ireland
The Japanese aesthetic culture of "kawaii" means what in English?  Cute/Adorable

Game 240212F
Game Date: Monday, February 12, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Viva! Hysteria was a live album by what rock group?  Def Leppard
Fill-in-the-blank on this famous Buzz Lightyear catchphrase: "To _______... and beyond!”  Answer: Infinity
After a legendary coaching career that included six Super Bowl wins, who recently stepped down as head coach of the New England Patriots?  Bill Belichick
A new report from data firm Luminate found that 1 in every 78 song streams in the US in 2023 was a track by what artist?  Taylor Swift
"West End Girls" was the first major hit for what group?  Pet Shop Boys
"We'll always have Paris" is a line from what classic movie?  Casablanca
What former governor of New Jersey suspended his bid for the 2024 Republican presidential nomination on January 10th?  Chris Christie
Natasha Romanoff is the real identity of what MCU superhero?  Black Widow
"This is America" was a 2018 hit by what artist?  Childish Gambino
Portrayed by Sylvester Stallone, First Blood was the first movie starring what character?  Rambo


General Knowledge
What golfer has won the most career Major championships with 18?  Jack Nicklaus
What traditional Korean side dish is made from fermented vegetables, typically Napa cabbage or radishes, and is known for its spicy and tangy flavor?  Kimchi
In what country did the breed of dog, Chihuahua, originate?  Mexico
What international organization for people with high IQs was formed in Oxford, England in 1946?  Mensa
Since 1974, what race has been specifically scheduled for the Sunday of Memorial Day weekend?  Indianapolis 500
What Ukrainian city was the site of a nuclear disaster in April, 1986?  Chernobyl
What is the smallest continent by area?  Australia
What root helps to relieve nausea?  Ginger
What mountain range runs across the coast of South America?  Andes Mountains
The goat is the symbol of what Zodiac sign?  Capricorn



"You're My World" was a 60s hit for what British female singer?  Cilla Black

Bonus Round
Led by Philippe Pétain, what collaborationist regime governed the southeast of France from 1940 to 1944?            Vichy France (aka the French State)
How many petals are on a typical periwinkle flower?  5
What airline, founded by Richard Branson, made its inaugural flight on June 22, 1984?  Virgin Atlantic
What agricultural scientist and inventor is mostly remembered for his work with peanuts, though he did not invent peanut butter, as many believe?  George Washington Carver
A standard boxing ring is how large in square feet: A) 14  B) 16  C) 20  D) 24?  Answer: D) 24 sq ft
"Floating gold" is another name for what marine mammal excretion?  Whale Vomit
What country has the abbreviation “CH”?  Switzerland
Created in 1826 in France, View from the Window at Le Gras is the longest surviving what?  Photograph
What term is given to baby rabbits?  Kit / Kitten / Kitties
Ironically, hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia (hip-po-pah-tuh-mon-strow-suh-squip-ed-ah-lee-o-phobia) is the fear of what?  Long words





Game 240213F
Game Date: Tuesday, February 13, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who reprised her role as Ms. Norbury in the recently released 2024 film adaptation of Mean Girls?  Tina Fey
Who directed the Oscar-winning 2012 film Argo?  Ben Affleck
Airing on the History Channel from 2007 to 2017, Ice Road Truckers was a realty TV show where truckers drove on treacherous roads in what US state?  Alaska
“Iris”, “Slide”, and “Name” are all hit songs for what band?  Goo Goo Dolls
On January 9th, Gabriel Attal assumed office as the new prime minister of what major European country?  France
In the Toy Story franchise, what is the name of the boy who owns Buzz Lightyear and Woody in the first three films?  Andy
Eddie Brock is the real identity of what Marvel anti-hero?  Venom
‘New Directions’ is the main choir in what musical TV series?  Glee
The 2015 song "Stitches" was the first major hit by what Canadian artist?  Shawn Mendes
Starting with Dr. No, who was the first actor to play James Bond?  Sean Connery


General Knowledge
What NBA ‘Hall of Famer’ was nicknamed “The Truth” during his playing days?  Paul Pierce
Who was emperor of Japan for the entirety of World War II?  Hirohito
What math term means the same as portion or section?  Fraction
In 2007, who became the first NHL team from California to win the Stanley Cup?  Anaheim Ducks
What is the largest continent by area?  Asia
What 1960’s toy used light bulbs to cook cakes, candy, brownies, and other sweet treats?  Easy-Bake Oven
What controversial method of extracting oil or gas from the ground involves the injection of liquid at high pressure into the Earth to force open existing fissures?  Fracking
What part of the ear can burst or become perforated?  Eardrum
What word is the name of a fly trap and also a planet in our solar system?  Venus
Zebras are native to which continent?  Africa




"You've Got Time" is the opening song to what TV series?  Orange is the New Black

Bonus Round
Found in space, an Achondrite is a kind of what?  Meterorite
While playing for the Chicago Blackhawks, how many assists did NHL player Chris Chelios accumulate during the 1992/93 regular season: A) 19  B) 32  C) 44  D) 58?  Answer: D) 58
The artist Edvard Munch was from what country?  Norway
What comes before "Spoon" in the name of a traditional kind of Welsh carving?  Love
What countries begin with the letter Z?  Zambia& Zimbabwe
In the 2010 film Inception, how many dream levels does the crew enter?  5
At room temperature, what element is a highly toxic pale yellow diatomic gas and has the atomic number of 9?  Flourine
Aves is the biological class containing what animals?  Birds
In 2008, Nicolas Sarkozy married what model?  Carla Bruni
What color is the Bakerloo line on the London Underground map?  Brown



Game 240214F
Game Date: Wednesday, February 14, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Last month, Tiger Woods ended his 27-year partnership with what athletic apparel brand?  Nike
In the Back to the Future franchise, what type of car is the time machine?  DeLorean
Appearing in the second Toy Story movie, what type of animal is the ‘squeeze toy’ Wheezy?  Penguin
Appetite for Destruction was the debut album from what hard rock band?  Guns 'N Roses
Amalija Knavs passed away on January 9th at the age of 78—she was the mother of what former First Lady of the United States?  Melania Trump
In the 1971 film, Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, what color hair did the Oompa-Loompas have?  Green
Last month, President Daniel Noboa declared a "state of internal armed conflict" in what South American country?  Ecuador
Arthur Curry is the real identity of what DC superhero?  Aquaman
Dangerous Woman was a 2017/2018 tour by what artist?  Ariana Grande
"Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys" is from what 1989 movie?  Dead Poets Society



General Knowledge
What city won the first ever World Series in 1903?  Boston
In the classic cocktail known as a G and T, gin is combined with what?  Tonic
The ancient city of Pompeii was buried in ash in AD 79 when what volcano erupted?  Mount Vesuvius
The 19th Amendment guarantees what demographic the right to vote?  Women
Who was the first ruler of the Mongol Empire?  Genghis Khan
What country spans across 11 time zones?  Russia
What is the name of an angle that is greater than 90 degrees, but less than 180 degrees?  Obtuse
What term describes the layout of most standard Latin-script keyboards?  QWERTY
Who was the fourth president of the United States, serving from 1809-1817?  James Madison
What disease was previously known as lockjaw?  Tetanus






The 2008 album Hard Candy is by what singer?  Madonna

Bonus Round
What was the final Pixar film to be released on VHS, as well as the first to be released on Blu-Ray?  Cars
In a famous 1943 poster by J. Howard Miller aimed at boosting female worker morale, what four-word phrase is the depicted woman saying?  "We Can Do It!”
Before relocating to Calgary, the NHL's Flames franchise resided in what Southeastern city?  Atlanta
In what year did the North American Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA, go into effect?  1994
What was the name of the dog that was sent into space by the Soviet Union in 1957, the first animal to orbit the Earth?  Laika
Percy Spencer is generally credited with what invention, first marketed as the ‘Radarange’?  Microwave
‘Philip the Good’ was a famous Duke from what region of France?  Burgundy
Acetylsalicylic acid is the common name for what drug?  Aspirin
Kiviak is a traditional Inuit food of birds fermented in the skin of what animal?  Seal
Receiving an annual average of 1mm of precipitation, what Chilean desert is the driest place on Earth?  Atacama Desert


Game 240215F
Game Date: Thursday, February 15, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Calvin Harris' song "Promises" has what British singer on vocals?  Sam Smith
What lunar lander (from space company Astrobotic) lost power just seven hours after it launched on January 8th?  Peregrine
Boxer Butch Coolidge is Bruce Willis' character in what 1994 movie?  Pulp Fiction
During a memorable scene in Mission: Impossible — Ghost Protocol, Tom Cruise climbs what famous skyscraper in Dubai?  Burj Khalifa
The 2000 film, What Lies Beneath, stars Michelle Pfeiffer and what actor?  Harrison Ford
Who hosted The Daily Show for the final time on August 6, 2015?  Jon Stewart
France's culture ministry stepped in last month to stop the planned demolition of a Paris laboratory once used by what famed female scientist?  Marie Curie
What is the name of the fictional sci-fi-themed pizza restaurant that Woody and Buzz sneak into in Toy Story?        Pizza Planet
Since 1994, Adam Levine has been the lead singer of what band?  Maroon 5  
Steve Rogers is the real identity of what MCU superhero?  Captain America


General Knowledge
What American city is known as the “Gateway to the West”?  St. Louis
What word describes energy created by motion?  Kinetic
In Mexico, what dish consists of tortillas filled with various ingredients, rolled, and topped with a chili sauce and cheese, then baked?  Enchiladas
Beginning in 1877, what is the oldest annual tennis tournament in the world?  Wimbledon 
What plant is often used to soothe burns?  Aloe Vera
From what country did the United States purchase Alaska?  Russia
What Greek philosopher is credited with the ‘Allegory of the Cave’?  Plato
What exercise combines a squat, a pushup, and a jump in the air?  Burpee
What cereal does Tony the Tiger describe as “grrr-reat”?  Frosted Flakes
The luxury fabric called cashmere is made from what animal?  Goat






The 1970’s series The Waltons was set in what US state?  Virginia

Bonus Round
What deposed Italian dictator was rescued from imprisonment at Campo Imperatore by German commandos in September, 1943?  Benito Mussolini
How many chapters are in Robert Lewis Stephenson's novel Treasure Island: A) 15  B) 34  C) 52  D) 61?          Answer: B) 34
What two franchises are the only ones that have been in the NFL since its inception in 1920: Answer provided with the names the teams currently use?  Chicago Bears & Arizona Cardinals
The first postage stamp introduced in the 1940s was called the Penny what?  Black
While the story is debated still today, it is generally agreed upon that credit for the character design of Mickey  should not go to Walt Disney, but what fellow animator? Ub Iwerks
Who was the first American president to be impeached?  Andrew Johnson
What is the national animal of Scotland?  Unicorn
What Icelandic geothermal location shares the same name as a 1980 film?  Blue Lagoon
A band calling themselves The Quarrymen eventually evolved into what famous musical group?  The Beatles
The UK began extracting oil in 1975 from what sea?  North Sea




Game 240218F
Game Date: Sunday, February 18, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Not surprisingly, Etmopterus benchleyi, named for Jaws author Peter Benchley, is a species of what kind of fish?  Shark
What singer-songwriter died January 12th, two days after Austin Butler won a Golden Globe for playing her famous father?  Lisa Marie Presley
Uma Thurman was married twice in the '90s: Once to Gary Oldman, and once to what Gattaca co-star; father of her look-alike daughter Maya?  Ethan Hawke
What drummer for The Beatles also sang lead vocals on the band's cover of the Buck Owen's song “Act Naturally”?  Ringo Starr
Olaf is what type of “creature” in the movie Frozen?  Snowman
Definitely Maybe was a 1994 album from what English rock band led by the Gallagher brothers?  Oasis
The FAA computer system that experienced an outage and halted all flights on January 11th is known by what five-letter acronym?  NOTAM
Jim Carrey was engaged to what Me, Myself and Irene co-star in 1999?  Renée Zellweger
Madison Square Garden is a famous music venue in what city?  New York City
President Snow in the Hunger Games movies is played by what actor?  Donald Sutherland


General Knowledge
What type of colorful candy, which dates back to the American Civil War, was famously a favorite of President Ronald Reagan?  Jellybeans
Fendi is a designer fashion brand from what country?  Italy
Fingernails are composed of what substance?  Keratin 
Karaoke means "empty orchestra" in what language?  Japanese
What NFL Quarterback leads the league with all-time career rushing touchdowns at 75?  Cam Newton
What term describes a plant that is made by crossing two other species of plant?  Hybrid
Boston style Baked Beans are sweetened with what?  Molasses 
The Boat Race is an annual rowing competition between Cambridge University and what other institution?  Oxford
A contusion is more commonly referred to as a what?  Bruise
What term is given to a dummy that an artist uses to practice drawing figures on?  Mannequin
Bing Crosby and Grace Kelly sang "True Love" in what movie?  High Society

Bonus Round
The Han river flows through what Asian capital city?  Seoul
From the 1937 animated classic, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, name the two dwarfs whose names do not end with the letter Y.  Bashful and Doc
The Serengeti National Park is located in what African country?  Tanzania
On the Soul and Poetics are two of the major works attributed to what ancient Greek philosopher?  Aristotle
What planet is named after the Greek god of the sky?  Uranus
Fabergé was a famous jeweler to the Royal Family of what country?  Russia
What unit is equivalent to 550 foot-pounds per second or 745.7 watts?  Horsepower
Although it was founded in Little Rock, Arkansas, in what city is the FedEx headquarters located?  Memphis, TN
Edvard Munch's most famous painting has what name?  The Scream
What country experienced the Klondike gold rush?  Canada


Game 240219F
Game Date: Monday, February 19, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What 90’s show has won more Emmy’s than any other sitcom in history with 37?  Frasier
What famous DJ was featured on Rihanna’s hit “We Found Love”? Calvin Harris
On January 13th, Lai Ching-te was elected President of what country that is officially known as the Republic of China?  Taiwan
Carroll O’Connor rose to fame playing what iconic sitcom character in the 70s?  Archie Bunker
Last month, what Florida governor suspended his bid for the Republican presidential candidacy after a poor showing at the Iowa Caucuses?  Ron DeSantis
In the Nickelodeon series Rugrats, what color are Chuckie Finster’s shorts?  Green
Kim Kardashian was once married for just 72 days to what NBA player?  Kris Humphries
Euphoria star, Maude Apatow, is the daughter of Judd Apatow and what movie star?  Leslie Mann
In Breaking Bad, Walter White named his drug kingpin alter-ego after what German scientist?  Heisenberg
Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson had his first leading role in 2002 when he starred in what movie?  The Scorpion King





General Knowledge
What constellation takes its name from the Latin for "little bear"?  Ursa Minor
What is the common brand name of the antidepressant fluoxetine, introduced in 1987 and still prescribed today?  Prozac
Led by such stars as Pete Rose and Johnny Bench, what team won back-to-back World Series championships in 1975 and 1976?  Cincinnati Reds
What museum houses the Mona Lisa?  The Louvre
Rounded to the nearest whole number, how many feet are in a meter?  3 (3.37)
Before the United Nations, what international group was formed after World War I to maintain world peace?              The League of Nations
Known as the “little brain”, what component of the brain (located at its base) plays a vital role in controlling movement and balance?  Cerebellum
Vermont is bordered by New York, New Hampshire, and what other state?  Massachusetts
The Guiness Book of World Records claims the record they most often reject is for the longest chain of what?       Paper Clips
The rings in the logo for the Olympics are red, yellow, blue, green, and what other color?  Black




The 1997 movie Donnie Brasco stars what actor in the title role?  Johnny Depp

Bonus Round
What element has the Latin name of Kalium?  Potassium
Queen Anne, last of the Stuart Monarch, reigned during what century?  1700s
What is the name of the lamp that jumps on the “I” in Pixar before each of their films?  Luxo Jr.
What legendary Chinese king established the Xia dynasty around 2000 BCE?  Yu the Great
What type of bulb has a filament that is heated by electricity until it glows?  Incandescent
What country has the world’s fourth largest active military?  Russia
What is the capital of the African country, Chad?  N’Djamena
What now extinct flightless bird was last seen off the coast of Iceland in 1844?  The Great Auk
A mysterious “girl in a polka-dot dress” was famously seen before and after the assassination of what political figure?  Robert F. Kennedy
What country has the most active volcanoes?  Indonesia







Game 240220F
Game Date: Tuesday, February 20, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What hit HBO show won more Emmy Awards than any other drama in history with 59?  Game of Thrones
What influential sports publication hinted that the end is near after announcing it plans to layoff a very significant amount of its staff this past month?  Sports Illustrated
Though many think “Uptown Funk” was a Bruno Mars song, he is actually a featured artist; who is the main artist on this song?  Mark Ronson
Tommy Lee was the drummer for what popular 80’s metal band?  Mötley Crüe
The Oscars received backlash in January when it was revealed what Barbie director was not nominated for ‘Best Director’?  Greta Gerwig
Stranger Things star, Maya Hawke, is the child of Ethan Hawke and what other movie star?  Uma Thurman
What member of the British royal family spent time last month recovering in the London Clinic after undergoing abdominal surgery?  Kate Middleton
Joyce Randolph passed away on January 13th at the age of 99 -- she was best known for her role as Trixie Norton on what influential sitcom?  The Honeymooners
What singer-songwriter had big hits in the 2000s with such songs as “Who's Your Daddy?” and “I Love This Bar”?       Toby Keith
In the Nickelodeon series Rugrats, what color are Chuckie Finster’s glasses?  Purple





General Knowledge
What fashion designer is famous for designing the ‘little black dress’?  Coco Chanel
What constellation takes its name from the Latin for ”greater bear"? Ursa Major
What is the only organ which can regenerate itself?  Liver
When playing golf, what is it called if you hit two strokes over par on an individual hole?  Double Bogey
Situated between the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers, what is the world’s oldest recorded civilization; the name is literally translated from the Greek for “city between two rivers”?  Mesopotamia
Rounded to the nearest whole number, how many pounds are in a kilogram?  2 (2.205)
What NBA legend and civil rights leader was known as Lew Alcindor before converting to Islam in 1971?            Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
South Carolina is bordered by North Carolina and what other state?  Georgia
The rings in the logo for the Olympics are black, yellow, blue, green, and what other color?  Red
In the context of an e-mail, what does “cc” stand for?  Carbon Copy




Hurts 2B Human was a 2019 album by what singer?  P!nk

Bonus Round
With atomic number 93, what element is named after a gas giant in our Solar System?  Neptunium
Within five, how many rules are written in the Code of Hammurabi?  Acceptable Answers: 277 – 287 (282)
What is the southern most point of Africa called?  Cape Agulhas 
Who won the first Oscar for ‘Best Director’ in 1929 for his film -- Two Arabian Knights?  Lewis Milestone
“A diamond is forever” was the slogan for what major jewelry company?  De Beers
What word describes an animal that is mainly active during twilight?  Crepuscular
What country has the world’s largest active military?  China
If you suffer from Alektorophobia, you are afraid of what?  Chickens 
Russia's October Revolution actually took place in what month?  November
The Barranquila Carnival is a major annual festival in what country?  Colombia





Game 240221F
Game Date: Wednesday, February 21, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What Amazon Prime show has won more Emmy Awards than any other streaming program with 20?                         The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
The San Francisco 49ers eliminated what team from the NFL playoffs on January 20th?  Green Bay Packers
What R&B superstar joined Method Man on his hit 1995 song “I’ll be There for You/You’re All I Need to Get By”?     Mary J. Blige
Scheduled for release on March 8th, what is the name of Ariana Grande's upcoming album?  Eternal Sunshine
What American Idol contestant went on to have a successful career, despite coming in second place to Ruben Studdard?  Clay Aiken
On January 24th, a Boeing 757 with over 200 passengers owned by what airline narrowly avoided catastrophe when a wheel fell off the plane right before takeoff?  Delta
What rock band had the only ‘Top 10’ hit of its career with 1974's “Sweet Home Alabama”?  Lynyrd Skynyrd
In the Nickelodeon series Rugrats, Chuckie Finster wears a blue shirt with what planet pictured on the front?  Saturn
What pop/rock band, fronted by Gwen Stefani, was announced last month as one of the headliners for the 2024 Coachella festival?  No Doubt 
The Boys star, Jack Quaid, is the son of Dennis Quaid and what other movie star?  Meg Ryan





General Knowledge
Measuring 4,132 miles, what is the longest river in Africa?  The Nile River
In 2016, what player became the first in NBA history to be unanimously voted as the ‘MVP’?  Stephen Curry
Fill-in-the-blank on this soap slogan:  "You're not fully clean unless you're _________ clean".  Answer: Zestfully
In 1929, who became the first baseball player to hit over 500 home runs?  Babe Ruth
What tragedy took place on December 7th, 1941 that President Franklin D. Roosevelt called a “date which will live in infamy”?  Pearl Harbor
Louisiana is bordered by Texas, Mississippi, and what other state?  Arkansas
Traditionally arranged carefully atop a tatami mat, the futon originated in what country?  Japan
The rings in the logo for the Olympics are red, black, blue, green, and what other color?  Yellow
The duckbill platypus is native to what country?  Australia
What is the main ingredient in guacamole?  Avocado
The 2019 biographical film Fosse/Verdon stars what actor as Gwen Verdon?  Michelle Williams

Bonus Round
 What is the capital of the South American country, Guyana?  Georgetown
In the 1920s, what popular German Shepherd helped Warner Brothers stave off bankruptcy, earning the nickname "the dog who saved Hollywood"?  Rin Tin Tin
What is the name of the computer open-source operating system created by Linus Torvalds?  Linux
What country has the world’s third largest active military?  United States
It is widely accepted that a standard piece of paper (letter size) can only be folded in half how many times?  Seven
What element appears vertically between Fluorine and Bromine on the periodic table?  Chlorine
Suhtai and Tsitsistas are sub-groups of what larger native American tribe?  Cheyenne
What is the name for the strait that separates mainland Italy from Sicily?  The Messina Strait
Who wrote the novel Mary Poppins?  P.L. Travers
Rounded to the nearest whole number, how many millimeters are in an inch?  25 (25.4) 




Game 240222F
Game Date: Thursday, February 22, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What long-running television show has won the most Emmy Awards of all time with 84?  Saturday Night Live
What pop superstar was featured on Maroon 5’s song, “Moves like Jagger”?  Christina Aguilera
What is the name of the cloned rhesus monkey that was recently highlighted as a significant achievement in cloning by Chinese scientists?  Retro 
Wyatt Russell, of Night Swim and The Falcon and the Winter Soldier, is the son of Kurt Russell and what other movie star?  Goldie Hawn
What singer/actress became one of the youngest to ever join the ranks of EGOT status (winner of Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony) in 2022 after producing the Tony Award winning musical, A Strange Loop?  Jennifer Hudson
What future ‘Hall of Fame’ center retired from the NFL after his Eagles lost in the first round of the playoffs in January?  Jason Kelce
An official portrait of which new British monarch has been unveiled for display in public buildings across the United Kingdom?  King Charles III
In the Nickelodeon series Rugrats, what color is Chuckie Finster’s hair?  Orange
What is the name of the Harry Potter play currently playing on Broadway; it is centered around Harry’s relationship with his son Albus and uses real stage magic?  Harry Potter and the Cursed Child
Taylor Swift made her acting debut in a 2009 episode of what crime drama?  CSI





General Knowledge
California is bordered by Oregon, Nevada, and what other state?  Arizona
What part of a flower is often scented and attracts insects?  Petal
Rounded to the nearest whole number, how many liters are in a gallon? 4 (3.785)
Before becoming known as ‘World War I,’ by what name was this global conflict known?  The Great War
Famous for its use of banjos and mandolins, what subgenre of country music is named for a species of grass native to Europe and Asia?  Bluegrass
What is the only planet that rotates on it’s side?  Uranus
What borough of New York City is home to the headquarters of the United Nations?  Manhattan
What is the only team in the NFL that has never appeared in a Super Bowl, nor has their city ever hosted one?  Cleveland Browns
The rings in the logo for the Olympics are red, yellow, blue, black, and what other color?  Green
What organ of the body stores urine?  Bladder

In the 2010 biographical film Fosse/Verdon stars what actor as Bob Fosse?  Sam Rockwell

Bonus Round
What country has the world’s second largest active military?  India
What is the capital of the Asian country, Mongolia?  Ulaanbaatar
In 1993, what author became the first African American to win the ‘Nobel Prize for Literature’?  Toni Morrison
President Jimmy Carter represented what state?  Georgia
The Eisteddfod is a celebration of what language?  Welsh
The castaway in the novel Robinson Crusoe shares a name with what day of the week?  Friday
Montreal bagels are cooked in water sweetened with what?  Honey 
What was the first country to legalize same-sex marriage?  The Netherlands
Red Leicester is a hard cheese from what country?  England
Beginning in 2010, who has been named Forbes magazine’s ‘World’s Most Powerful Woman’ 14 times?               Angela Merkel



Game 240225F
Game Date: Sunday, February 25, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
When Kelly Preston was a teenager, she saw a movie poster and swore she was going to marry its star. In September, 1991 she did end up marrying him – who was the actor she married?  John Travolta
The film American Psycho stars what actor in the lead role?  Christian Bale
The Disney animated character Scrooge McDuck is from what country?  Scotland
What drummer for The Who shared lead vocal duties with singer Roger Daltrey on the band's 1973 song “Bell Boy”?  Keith Moon
What 2007 film starred Jerry Seinfeld as the voice of Barry B. Benson?  Bee Movie
Back to Black was a 2006 album by what artist?  Amy Winehouse
What famed astronaut celebrated his 94th birthday on January 20th?  Buzz Aldrin
What comic actor plays the character Mr. Bean?  Rowan Atkinson
Jurassic Park is a film and book about what type of creatures?  Dinosaurs
Recently impeached by the House of Representatives, what is the role of Alejandro Mayorkas in the presidential cabinet? Secretary/Department of Homeland Security


General Knowledge
What is the largest country in the world, by land area?  Russia
What color ball is the number three in the game of pool?  Red
What famous ancient Jewish and Hebrew religious manuscripts were discovered by Bedouin shepherds in the Qumran Caves in 1947?  Dead Sea Scrolls
Dermatologists specialize in what part of the body?  Skin
In our solar system, what planet is farthest from the Sun?  Neptune
What animal can be seen on the Porsche logo?  Horse
What state is known as “The Tar Heel State”?  North Carolina
What is the number 19 in Roman Numerals?  XIX
What river flows through the Grand Canyon?  Colorado River
In a fraction, what is the name for the number below the line?  Denominator
What Nat King Cole song shares its name with a famous painting?  Mona Lisa

Bonus Round
What is the most popular brand of zipper in the world?  YKK
Named for Bono, the lead singer of U2, the spider known as Aptostichus bonoi is fittingly found in what U.S. National Park?  Joshua Tree National Park
In what year did the Soviet Union launch the Sputnik 1 satellite into orbit?  1957
What is the only Charles Dickens novel to have a female narrator?  Bleak House
Who discovered the smallpox vaccination?  Edward Jenner
Actor Zendaya goes by only her first name in Hollywood.  What is Zendaya’s last name?  Coleman
The Titanic’s maiden voyage set sail from what British city in 1912?  Southhampton
What was the Coca-Cola company's first diet drink, introduced in 1963?  Tab
With atomic number 113, what element is named after the Japanese word for Japan?  Nihonium


Game 240226F
Game Date: Monday, February 26, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
"I feel the need — the need for speed!" is a famous line from what 1986 movie?  Top Gun
Demi Lovato’s song, “29”, is believed to be about what television star that she dated when she was just 18 years old and he was 29?  Wilmer Valderrama
At just 19 years old, Leonardo DiCaprio received his first Oscar nomination for his role in what 1993 film?    What’s Eating Gilbert Grape
What Michigan Wolverines coach recently signed on as head coach of the NFL's Los Angeles Chargers?                  Jim Harbaugh 
“Sucker” was a 2019 single by what pop group?  Jonas Brothers
"Xanadu" and "Physical" were hits for what female singer?  Olivia Newton-John
What famous toy was voiced by Don Rickles (until his death) in the Toy Story movie series?  Mr. Potato Head 
Last month, Jon Stewart announced he was returning as executive producer and occasional host of what show?      The Daily Show
Last month, the controversial Ram Mandir temple opened in what country?  India 
What 2000s sitcom’s main cast of characters consisted of Nick, Winston, Schmidt, Jess, and Cece?  New Girl 



General Knowledge
How many degrees does a right angle have?  90 degrees
What treaty effectively ended World War I?  The Treaty of Versailles
What is the capital of Idaho?  Boise
Near the shores of what country would you find the Great Barrier Reef?  Australia
On November 22, 1986, what 20-year-old boxer became the youngest ever to win a heavyweight title?  Mike Tyson
What is the unit of currency in Japan?  Yen 
Along with nitrogen and phosphorus, what element with the symbol ‘K’, is one of the three macronutrients needed for citrus production?  Potassium
In what German city is the largest Oktoberfest held?  Munich
What dark-colored mineral makes up the center of pencils?  Graphite
An important ratio that helps home buyers determine how much they can mortgage, DTI, stands for what?          Debt-to-Income

Tom Hanks starred opposite what actress in the 1984 film Splash?  Daryl Hannah

Bonus Round
Who was President when the United States acquired the Louisiana Purchase from France?  Thomas Jefferson
In 1962, the United States implemented a trade embargo on what country?  Cuba
What basic electrical component did Alessandro Volta invent?  Battery
Who did the New England Patriots select with the number 1 overall pick in the 1984 draft?  Irving Fryar
Within two, how many countries are there in North America?  Answer: 21 – 25  (Exact = 23)
On September 2, 1945, what revolutionary became the first president of the Democratic Republic of Vietnam?           Ho Chi Minh
A rail bridge over what Scottish river collapsed in December 1879?  The Tay River
In what French city was Joan of Arc burned at the stake in 1431?  Rouen
Beefeaters at the Tower of London look after what type of birds, thought to bring luck?  Ravens
In what decade did the first steam ship cross the Atlantic?  1810s






Game 240227F
Game Date: Tuesday, February 27, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What F.R.I.E.N.D.S actress got her big break by appearing in Bruce Springsteen’s Dancing in the Dark video?       Courteney Cox
In the like-titled 1970s US sitcom, who was Laverne's friend?  Shirley
Who won an Emmy for ‘Outstanding Variety Special’ last month for his farewell concert at Dodger Stadium; this award has put him at ‘EGOT’ status?  Elton John
What funk music pioneer and leader of Parliament-Funkadelic recently received a star on the ‘Hollywood Walk of Fame’?  George Clinton
Voiced by Joan Cusack, what is the name of the cowgirl doll who first appears in Toy Story 2?  Jessie
The 1996 album All Eyez on Me was the final album released by what rapper before his death?  Tupac Shakur
"I don't care if Monday's blue / Tuesday's grey and Wednesday too" are lyrics from what song by The Cure?         Friday I'm In Love
Who received an Oscar nomination for ‘Best Actress’ last month for her performance in Poor Things? Emma Stone
In what Indiana town is the Netflix TV series Stranger Things set?  Hawkins
Rose McGowan portrays Paige in the TV series Charmed.  What relation does Paige have to Piper, Prue, and Phoebe Halliwell?  Half-sister


General Knowledge
In what country would you find the Pantheon?  Italy
“Hot Eats, Cool Treats" was a longtime slogan for what fast food chain?  Dairy Queen
How many wives did King Henry VIII have during his reign?  6
What President is responsible for ‘The New Deal’, an attempt to revitalize the economy during the Great Depression? Franklin D. Roosevelt
What is the capital city of Wyoming?  Cheyenne
How many degrees are in a circle?  360 degrees
Does the medical term Tachycardia refer to an overly-fast heartbeat or an abnormally slow heartbeat?  Overly-fast
Rack, neck fillet, or loin chop are cuts of what meat?  Lamb
The first manned flight took place in 1783 in what type of craft?  Hot Air Balloon
What company's slogan is "You're in good hands?”  Allstate

Tom Hanks plays Andrew Beckett in what 1993 movie?  Philadelphia

Bonus Round
In what year was the first iPhone released?  2007 
Who was Time Magazine's ‘Person of the Year’ in 2010?  Mark Zuckerberg
In the Harry Potter series, what phrase is used to hide the contents of the Marauder’s Map?  “Mischief Managed”
By area, what is the largest country in Africa?  Algeria
When Pocahontas was converted to Christianity and baptized, what name did she take?  Rebecca
Who once famously said “Every citizen should be a soldier. This was the case with the Greeks and Romans, and must be that of every free state.”?  Thomas Jefferson
Whose 1962 album Midnight Special features the very first official recording of Bob Dylan?  Harry Belafonte
What British tree produces seeds called conkers?  Horse Chestnut
In 2009, what became the first Morse code character to be added since WWII?  @ symbol
What is the color of the most poisonous frog in the world?  Gold/Yellow

Game 240228F
Game Date: Wednesday, February 28, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What artist released the hit 90’s album, Jagged Little Pill?  Alanis Morissette
At the recent Emmys, Tina Fey and what other former cast member of Saturday Night Live, reunited for a special “Weekend Update” segment?  Amy Poehler
"Hot Girl Summer" was a 2019 hit for what female rapper?  Megan Thee Stallion
On January 22nd, Cameroon became the first country on Earth to launch a routine vaccination program against what mosquito-borne disease?  Malaria
What character in the Toy Story films is voiced by Tim Allen?  Buzz Lightyear
The 2004 book Scar Tissue is the autobiography of Anthony Kiedis, lead singer of what rock band?                           Red Hot Chili Peppers
What film received the most Oscar nominations this year with 13, including ‘Best Picture’?  Oppenheimer
What R&B star headlined the half-time show at the 2024 Super Bowl?  Usher
What is the name of Hiccup’s dragon in the DreamWorks film, How to Train Your Dragon?  Toothless
Steve Martin starred in a movie about planes, trains, and which other form of transport?  Automobiles

General Knowledge
What continent does the island of Malta belong to?  Europe
How long is an eon?  1 billion years
Room 214 of what Washington DC hotel has been converted into the “Scandal Room” to memorialize a 1970s scandal?  The Watergate Hotel
What is the capital of Wisconsin?  Madison 
A flamboyance refers to a group of what birds?  Flamingos
Beginning in the 1970s, what NFL team’s fanbase is credited with starting the trend of wearing decorated paper bags over their heads to their games?  New Orleans Saints
In Japanese cooking, what is "dashi"?  Stock/Broth/Soup 
Ping-pong is an alternative name for what sport?  Table Tennis
How many bones do sharks have?  Zero (Teeth are dentin, not bone)
What is the scientific word for a push or pull that acts on an object?  Force
Tori Vega was the main character in what teen show?  Victorious

Bonus Round
From 1948-1975, John Wooden was the head coach of the basketball team for what college; he lead them to 10 national championships?  UCLA (Bruins)
What Asian country is known as the ‘Land of the Thunder Dragon’?  Bhutan 
The Kentucky Derby is restricted to thoroughbred horses of what age?  3 
On February 19th, 1942, the Japanese conducted two air raids on the city of Darwin in what country?  Australia
In the Harry Potter series, what phrase is used to reveal the contents of the Marauder’s Map?                                                                  “I solemnly swear that I am up to no good”
The 1992 summit on Environment and Development was held in what South American country?  Brazil
In what decade was the first season of the Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team?  1880s
 In 1974, what was the first product scanned by a UPC scanner?  Chewing Gum
What is the actual first name of celebrity Brad Pitt?  William
What is the biggest city located on two continents?  Istanbul



Game 240229F
Game Date: Thursday, February 29, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
The 2006 movie The Break Up stars Vince Vaughn and what actress?  Jennifer Anniston
What former host plans to return to The Daily Show, hosting once a week through the 2024 election?  Jon Stewart
What nation recently became the fifth country to achieve a soft landing on the Moon?  Japan
At the recent Emmys, Amy Poehler and what other former cast member of Saturday Night Live, reunited for a special Weekend Update segment?  Tina Fey
Who voiced the motorcycle-riding daredevil Duke Caboom in Toy Story 4?  Keanu Reeves 
What actress received two Oscar nominations in 1989 for her roles in the films Gorillas in the Mist and Working Girl?  Sigourney Weaver
From 2012 to 2018, the event now known simply as "L.A. Comic Con" was rebranded to include the name of what famous Marvel Comics writer/editor?  Stan Lee
On January 23rd, Adrian Beltre, Joe Mauer, and Todd Helton were elected to the ‘Hall of Fame’ in what sport?  Baseball
Stars Hollow, Connecticut is the setting for what 2000s drama series?  Gilmore Girls
The drummer of what rock band lost his arm in a car crash in 1984?  Def Leppard

General Knowledge
What is the smallest country in the world?  Vatican City
The North Star was a 19th century anti-slavery newspaper founded by what famous abolitionist and former enslaved American?  Frederick Douglass
What is the capital of North Dakota?  Bismarck
A 401(k) is designed to help save for what?  Retirement
What Bostin Bruins great was the first defenseman to ever win the NHL point scoring title?  Bobby Orr
What gas makes your voice sound squeaky when you breathe it in?  Helium
In a skeleton, what bone is the strongest identifier of biological sex?  Pelvis
What does SPF in sunscreen stand for?  Sun Protection Factor
How many players are on each side of the net in beach volleyball?  2
Amazon started off selling exclusively what product?  Books   
In what city does the film Lady Bird take place?  Sacramento

Bonus Round
What Communist leader is considered the father of the Russian Revolution in 1917?  Vladimir Lenin 
What country is known as ‘the land of a thousand lakes’?  Finland
Including Rh factor, what is the rarest blood-type among humans?  AB – 
Within two, how many countries are there in Africa?  52 – 56 (Exact = 54)
Beatrix became queen of what European country in 1980?  Netherlands
On January 29th, 1886, who applied for a patent for his “vehicle powered by a gas engine” and because of this, is often credited with the invention of the first car?  Carl Benz
President Abraham Lincoln was born in what US state?  Kentucky
In 2011, what country eventually passed a law to allow citizens to own homes and legalized free market trade?  Cuba
In what year was Sputnik 1 launched?  1957
What is the signature food dish served at Wimbledon?  Strawberries & Cream





Game 240303F
Game Date: Sunday, March 3, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What rock group's 1973 hit song “We're an American Band” featured lead vocals from drummer Don Brewer?                  Grand Funk Railroad
In the T.V animated series Dora the Explorer, what type of animal is Dora's companion Boots?  Monkey
The Netflix show The Crown is about what country's Royals?  Britain (UK)
In 2006, U2 and Green Day teamed up to record “The Saints Are Coming”, a single benefitting musicians affected by what 2005 natural disaster?  Hurricane Katrina
In what home state of Nikki Haley did she recently face defeat in the GOP primary? South Carolina
Salma Hayek received an Oscar nomination for her performance as a legendary Mexican painter in what 2002 biopic?  Frida
What is the name of the new AI video-generator announced by OpenAI, the creator of ChatGPT and DALL-E? Sora
The Peanut’s character Patricia Reichardt goes by what nickname?  Peppermint Patty
As of Sunday February 18th, Russia reclaimed control of what key Ukrainian city in the Donetsk Oblast? Avdiivka
What famous actor plays Dr. Richard Burke in F.R.I.E.N.D.S?  Tom Selleck


General Knowledge
What is the translation of the Latin phrase "Carpe Diem"?  Seize the day
What color is the cross on the Swedish flag?  Yellow
Other than Michael Jordan, who is the only other NBA player to have ever won three straight NBA Finals MVP Awards? Shaquille O'Neal 
In 2012, Valparaiso, Indiana, unveiled a statue of what former resident who built a popcorn factory there?             Orville Redenbacher
What is the name of a number which can only be divided by one and itself?  Prime
The Louisiana Purchase involved the U.S buying land from what country?  France
Any dish that is listed as “con huevos” means it comes with what?  Eggs
How many competitive strokes are there in swimming?  Four (freestyle, backstroke, breaststroke, butterfly)
What British scientist wrote the book A Brief History of Time?  Stephen Hawking
A cholecystectomy is an operation to remove what organ?  Gallbladder
What BBC news presenter also presents BBC's Question Time?  Fiona Bruce

Bonus Round
World Draughts tournaments began in what decade?  1840s
In heraldry what is meant by "couchant"?  Lying down
The Olive Tree of Vouves is said to be one of the world's oldest living trees; in what country can it be found?  Greece
In a famous Shakespeare tragedy, who kills Desdemona?  Othello
Slovenia and Croatia declared independence from what country in 1991?  Yugoslavia
What is the capital of Fiji?  Suva
In 1967, Sir Francis Chichester was setting records in what sport?  Sailing
The DNA code is made up of what four letters?  A, T, C, and G
In what city was Josef Stalin buried in March of 1953?  Moscow
Italian car company Fiat is headquartered in what city?  Turin (Italy)

Game 240304F
Game Date: Monday, March 4, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
In the Disney film The Lion King, what does "Hakuna Matata" mean?  No worries
Lea Michele got her big TV break in what musical high school series?  Glee
Amazon terminated its proposed $1.7 billion acquisition of what robotics company on January 29th after facing anti-trust scrutiny?  iRobot 
“Farewell, Perry Mason" was the headline on the cover of the September 25, 1993 issue of TV Guide – this was in honor of what actor that had recently passed?  Raymond Burr 
Film students Heather, Mike, and Josh are the main characters in what 1999 scary movie?  The Blair Witch Project
Netflix's The Greatest Night in Pop is a new documentary that features never before seen footage of the recording of what song in 1985?  We are the World 
What House of the Dragon star has recently been chosen for the title role in the upcoming film Supergirl: Women of Tomorrow?  Milly Alcock 
Which of the chipmunks, of Alvin and the Chipmunks, wears glasses?  Simon
Hugh Grant stars opposite what American actress in the 1999 film Notting Hill?  Julia Roberts
Gordon Sumner is the real name of what English singer?  Sting

General Knowledge
What spice is often added to the American dessert Apple Crisp?  Cinnamon
Where would you put a medicine that should be administered as "sublingual"?  Under your tongue
The Broncos and Nuggets are both sports teams from what US city?  Denver
What is the Spanish word for Monday?  Lunes
What river is about one mile longer than the Mississippi, making it the longest river in the US?  The Missouri River
Who was the first athlete to win four gold medals in the same individual event in four consecutive Olympics - 1984, 1988, 1992 and 1996? Hint: It was for the Long Jump.  Answer: Carl Lewis 
What famous British author, known for Oliver Twist and A Christmas Carol, was born on February 7, 1812?        Charles Dickens 
What business magnate is known for founding the Standard Oil Company in 1870?  John D. Rockefeller
Where in the body would you find your metatarsals?  Foot
What does the ‘F’ stand for in the fast food brand KFC?  Fried
Who directed the 1986 film Platoon?  Oliver Stone

Bonus Round
Who was the 12th president of the United States?  Zachary Taylor
What living creatures spread dengue virus?  Mosquitoes
What phase of the moon falls between a ‘First Quarter Moon' and the ‘Full Moon’ ?  Waxing Gibbous
Four national capital cities are situated on the banks of the Danube River: Vienna (Austria), Belgrade (Serbia), Budapest (Hungary), and what other capital city?  Bratislava (Slovakia)
The first banknotes made from polymer, not paper, were introduced in what country?  Australia
In 1853, clothing company Levi Strauss & Co. was founded in what US city?  San Francisco 
What element on the Periodic Table has a symbol of ‘Bi’ and atomic number 83?  Bismuth
What term is given to the tendency of plants to move towards light?  Phototropism
Who won the first Formula One Grand Prix World Motor-racing Championship in 1950?  Giuseppe Farina
The medieval city of Bruges is located in what modern-day European country?  Belgium

Game 240305F
Game Date: Tuesday, March 5, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What animal is featured on Jafar’s staff (the villain in Disney’s 1992 film Aladdin)?  Snake
"Three Times a Lady" was a 70s hit for what group?  The Commodores
Carl Weathers, who recently passed away at the age of 76, was famous for playing which character in the Rocky movie series?  Apollo Creed
Taylor Swift made history on February 4th  by winning her fourth ‘Album of the Year’ Grammy award for what album?  Midnights 
Christopher Waltz won ‘Best Supporting Actor’ Oscars for two Quentin Tarantino films -- Inglourious Basterds and what other film?  Django Unchained 
Fill-in-the-blank of the title of this 2005 Carrie Underwood song: "Before He _____”.  Answer: Cheats 
Michelle O’Neill, recently named as Northern Ireland’s first minister, is a member of what political party?  Sinn Féin
What is the first name of Mr. Seville, the manager to Alvin and the Chipmunks?  Dave
The 2001 George Clooney film Ocean's Eleven is set in what US city?  Las Vegas
The 2005 release "Pon de Replay" was the first single by what artist?  Rihanna

General Knowledge
Where would you find your metacarpals?  Hand
Conor McGregor is famous in what sports league? UFC
What anti-slavery novel by Harriet Beecher Stowe was first published in 1852?  Uncle Tom's Cabin 
What is the Spanish word for Sunday?  Domingo
At what city in 1992 did the United States basketball "Dream Team," featuring stars like Michael Jordan and Magic Johnson, first compete?  Barcelona 
Before marrying Jane Fonda, what media mogul founded CNN in 1980?  Ted Turner
The Penguins are the NHL team from what US city?  Pittsburgh
Moussaka is the national dish of what country?  Greece
A grouper is a species of what animal?  Fish
Who is credited with the discovery of penicillin? Alexander Fleming

“The Rain in Spain” is a song from what musical?  My Fair Lady

Bonus Round
In 1977, what capital city made history by becoming the first to link a capital city to a major airport via underground rail?  London
Barnes Wallis was best known for inventing what type of bomb?  Bouncing Bomb
Four national capital cities are situated on the banks of the Danube River: Vienna (Austria), Belgrade (Serbia), Bratislava (Slovakia), and what other capital city?  Budapest (Hungary)
What element on the Periodic Table has a symbol of ‘Sb’ and atomic number 51?  Antimony
Who was the US President between 1877 and 1881?  Rutherford B. Hayes
What phase of the moon comes before a ‘New Moon’?  Waning Crescent
Work began on building the Taj Mahal in 1632 in what Indian city?  Agra
In what year did Elvis Presley and Priscilla get married?  1967
What equation is used in the slope-intercept formula?  y=mx+b
The first modern Olympic games were held in Athens, in 1896. In what famous world city were the following Olympic games held, in 1900? Paris

Game 240306F
Game Date: Wednesday, March 6, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What is the name of Elsa’s sister in Disney’s animated film Frozen?  Anna
The medical TV drama House is set in what US state?  New Jersey
Christopher Waltz won ‘Best Supporting Actor’ Oscars for two Quentin Tarantino films --  Django Unchained and what other film?  Inglourious Basterds 
TV character Lilly Truscott is the best friend to Miley Cyrus’ character on what series?  Hannah Montana
The 2019 film Doctor Sleep was a sequel to what 1980 horror classic?  The Shining 
On what late night show did The Handmaid's Tale star Elizabeth Moss recently announce her pregnancy?           Jimmy Kimmel Live! 
On February 28, 1984, what Michael Jackson album won a record-breaking eight Grammy Awards?  Thriller 
Alvin and the Chipmunks are composed of Alvin and what two other chipmunks?  Theodore & Simon
Sid Vicious was the lead singer of what punk group?  Sex Pistols
Rhea Perlman was married to what actor from 1982 to 2017?  Danny DeVito


General Knowledge
Where would you find the jugular vein?  Neck
In the US, what is the only state that is bordered by just one other state?  Maine (bordered by New Hampshire)
In Greek mythology, what hunter was placed in the night sky as a famous constellation after he died from a scorpion sting?  Orion 
What is the Spanish word for Tuesday?  Martes
In what sport might you use a foil, épée, or sabre?  Fencing
Achieved in Montreal in 1976, who was the first gymnast to score a perfect 10 in the Olympics?  Nadia Comăneci 
Who was the original co-founder of Apple Inc. along with Steve Jobs and Ronald Wayne?  Steve Wozniak
What type of mammals hold their young in a pouch?  Marsupials
What term is given to a long, narrow, deep inlet of the sea between high cliffs, typically formed by submergence of a glaciated valley; Norway and Iceland have them?  Fjord
What dance shares its name with the concept of being stuck between two ‘stages’?  Limbo
The Goodbye Girl stars what actor as Elliot Garfield?  Richard Dreyfuss

Bonus Round
Writer George Bernard Shaw, who died in 1950, was from what country?  Ireland
Who was Harry S. Truman's Vice President from 1949 to 1953?  Alben Barkley
Four national capital cities are situated on the banks of the Danube River: Vienna (Austria), Budapest (Hungary), Bratislava (Slovakia), and what other capital city?  Belgrade (Serbia)
What phase of the moon follows a ‘New Moon’?  Waxing Crescent
The novel Watership Down, and its film adaptations, are about what type of animal?  Rabbits
On November 25, 1915, what physicist presented part of his theory of general relativity to the Prussian Academy of Sciences?  Albert Einstein 
The first heart transplant was carried out in what country?  South Africa
In what 1969 movie did Al Pacino make his acting debut?  Me, Natalie
What element on the Periodic Table has a symbol of ‘In’ and atomic number 49?  Indium
Bonnie Prince Charlie is buried in what famous church?  St. Peter’s Basilica

Game 240307F
Game Date: Thursday, March 7, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Imran Khan, the former Prime Minister of what country, was recently sentenced to a long prison term for leaking state secrets?  Pakistan 
Trash and Along Came a Spider were albums by what rock artist?  Alice Cooper
Pain and Panic are the minions to Hades in what 1997 Disney animated film?  Hercules
What HBO series starred Dwayne Johnson as a former NFL player turned financial manager?  Ballers 
Set for release in April of this year, who is the subject of the upcoming biopic Back to Black?  Amy Winehouse 
What Edmonton Oiler's sharp shooter recently won the 2024 NHL All-Star Skills competition, earning him $1 million?  Connor McDavid 
What iconic music group made their first appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show on February 9, 1964?  The Beatles 
What is the collective name of the fictional chipmunk girl-group in the Alvin and the Chipmunks franchise?  The Chipettes
The Theory of Everything was a 2014 biographical film about the life of what scientist?  Stephen Hawking
“Cold Hearted”, “Rush Rush”, and “Straight Up” were hits for what artist?  Paula Abdul

General Knowledge
What animal shares a name with one of the seven deadly sins?  Sloth
Churchill Downs is a horse race that takes place in what US state?  Kentucky
A California roll is a sushi roll that contains what seafood?  Crab or Imitation Crab
With eight gold medals earned in Beijing, what athlete holds the record for the most gold medals in a single Olympics?  Michael Phelps 
Who is the founder of the Virgin Group, which controls more than 400 companies?  Richard Branson 
Where would you find the oblique muscles?  Abdomen
Tim Hortons coffee shop was founded in what country?  Canada
What is the Spanish word for Saturday?  Sábado
In motoring, what does the Italian expression GT mean?  Gran Turismo (aka Grand Touring)
The 76ers is the NBA team from what US city?  Philadelphia

“Slowhand” is the nickname of what singer songwriter?  Eric Clapton

Bonus Round
The book Ideas and Opinions was written by what famous individual?  Albert Einstein
In a disorder that mostly affects the upper limbs, what does the S in RSI stand for?  Strain
Winning an Academy Award for ‘Best Original Song’, "The Windmills of Your Mind”, is a song from what 1968 movie?  The Thomas Crown Affair 
Four national capital cities are situated on the banks of the Danube River: Budapest (Hungary), Bratislava (Slovakia), Belgrade (Serbia), and what other capital city?  Vienna (Austria)
"Red is the color of cheerfulness, of brightness, of gaiety" wrote editor Trumbull White about the reason behind the name of what women's magazine?  Redbook 
The Blythe Intaglios are ancient drawings on the ground in what US state?  California
Poland's Karol Jozef Wojtyla was known as what in the 1990s?  Pope John Paul II
In what decade was the ban on owning mobile phones lifted in Cuba?  2000s
What element on the Periodic Table has a symbol of ‘Te’ and atomic number 52?  Tellurium
What phase of the moon comes between a ‘Full Moon’ and a ‘Third Quarter Moon’?  Waning Gibbous

Game 240310F
Game Date: Sunday, March 10, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What is the third book in the The Hunger Games trilogy?  Mockingjay
Who is the youngest actor to have received the American Film Institute's ‘Lifetime Achievement Award’?  Tom Hanks
What singer was taken to court over plagiarism allegations for a song called "Dark Horse"?  Katy Perry
What actress plays the ballet dancer Nina in the 2010 film Black Swan?  Natalie Portman
What actress starred in the 2016 musical film La La Land?  Emma Stone
Last week, more than 1.3 million acres of land burned in a wildfire in the panhandle of what southern state? Texas
A company called Colossal Laboratories and Biosciences is working to resurrect what bird species, which has been extinct since the 17th century?  Dodo
"Dancing Queen" is one of the best known songs by what Swedish group?  ABBA
Singer Shawn Mendes comes from what country?  Canada
The son of the Kansas City Chiefs’ head coach recently had his DUI sentence commuted by the governor of what US State? Missouri


General Knowledge
How many ounces are in a pound?  16
In what state is Mount Rushmore located?  South Dakota
In what decade did the NBA introduce the 24-second shot clock: A) 1960s B) 1940s C) 1970s D) 1950s?              Answer: D) 1950s 
A Buckeye candy is what covered in chocolate?  Peanut Butter
What color is associated with envy or jealousy?  Green
Was former U.S President Bill Clinton a Democrat or a Republican?  Democrat
Since the 1990s, the Rockettes have only performed primarily at what New York City venue?  Radio City Music Hall
What parts of the body can be hinge, glide, or ball-and-socket?  Joints
The Cape Verde Islands are located in what body of water?  Atlantic Ocean
In 1994, what car maker launched the RAV4 model?  Toyota
What T.V character lived in a house called the Robin's Nest?  Magnum P.I.

Bonus Round
A protective coat of protein called the capsid covers kind of pathogen?  Virus
In what decade did Sir Winston Churchill make his maiden speech in Parliament?  1900s  (1901)
In grammar, the pilcrow symbol is used to mark a new what? Paragraph (¶) 
Tedros Adhanom became head of what organization in 2017?  World Health Organization
Olivine is the mineral form of what green gemstone?  Peridot
Kenneth Grahame wrote about the wind in what type of trees?  Willows 
The Menai Suspension Bridge opened in 1826, connecting what island to the UK mainland?  Anglesey
Miss Keeler, who was caught up in a 1960s spy scandal, had what first name?  Christine
SPELLING COUNTS - Fill in the blank on this famous composer’s name: Wolfgang _______ Mozart?  Amadeus
What color is cinnabar, also known as mercuric sulfide?  Red


Game 240311F
Game Date: Monday, March 11, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
“Ragnarok” is an installment in what Marvel superhero film series?  Thor
The Vegas Golden Knights ended what NHL team's epic 16 game winning streak when they beat them 3-1 on February 6th?  Edmonton Oilers
Ian Holm and Martin Freeman both played what Lord of the Rings character?  Bilbo Baggins
In what iconic movie does a clock tower play a crucial role in the protagonist's journey to the future, requiring precise timing to generate 1.21 gigawatts of power?  Back to the Future 
“It was just a very short period of time that I had a brief marriage,” comedian Tom Green later said of his marriage to what actress?  Drew Barrymore
“The Lazy Song” and “Just The Way You Are” are No. 1 hits for what artist?  Bruno Mars
The Ferengi, the Cardassians, and the Borg first made appearances as villains on what installment of the Star Trek TV franchise?  Star Trek: The Next Generation
What duo went on an “Excellent Adventure” in a 1989 film?  Bill & Ted
What former Big Bang Theory actor recently surprised fans with news of a secret marriage and new child?         Johnny Galecki
Sara Bareilles and John Mayer both have songs about what law of physics?  Gravity

General Knowledge
Historically, there are three types of locomotives: steam, diesel, and what third type?  Electric
A parasite’s victim is known as its what?  Host
What is the name of King Arthur’s queen, whose affair with Sir Lancelot leads to the downfall of Camelot?  Guinevere
Taro and what other crop are most notably grown in paddy fields?  Rice
In terms of the cable channel, what does ESPN stand for?   Entertainment Sports Programming Network
Aphelion means the point in a planet's orbit when it is furthest from what?  The Sun
A number that is not divisible by 2 is known as what?  Odd
What is the name of the yellow-green digestive fluid produced by your liver?  Bile
What is the other main ingredient besides espresso in a latte?  Milk
The Yukon territory was formed in what country in 1898?  Canada
“Razzle Dazzle” is a song from what musical?  Chicago

Bonus Round
Cayenne is the capital of what South American country?  French Guiana
What was medieval China's main export?  Silk
What is the English translation of the Olympic Games motto - "Citius, Altius, Fortius"?  Faster, Higher, Stronger
On February 10, 1996, what computer program made history by defeating world chess champion Garry Kasparov in a game of chess?  Deep Blue
Who was the first US President to have their inauguration streamed on the internet?  Bill Clinton
Born in Dunfermline, Scotland in 1835, what industrialist was known for his role in the expansion of the American steel industry?  Andrew Carnegie
The House of Braganza ruled in what European country?  Portugal
What term is given to a nest for a bird of prey, such as an eagle or hawk?  Eyrie
What is the surname of Scottish outlaw (later folk hero) Rob Roy?  MacGregor
At the end of what century was the first Crusade launched?  11th

Game 240313F
Game Date: Wednesday, March 13, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
“The Dark World” is an installment in what Marvel superhero film series?  Thor
"In the Air Tonight" was the first solo single by what artist?  Phil Collins
What character in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland exclaims, “Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be too late!” while taking a watch out of his waistcoat pocket?  The White Rabbit
What song did Post Malone perform live before the Super Bowl began on February 11th?  America the Beautiful
What multi-billionaire is the founder of Amazon.com and the spaceflight company Blue Origin?  Jeff Bezos
In the 1987 movie Fatal Attraction, what is the profession of Dan Gallagher, the character played by Michael Douglas?  Lawyer
What former Fox News host recently interviewed Russia's President Putin, which went viral on Feb 8th?               Tucker Carlson
What duo “Faced the Music” in a 2020 film?  Bill & Ted
"There Are Worse Things I Could Do" is sung by what character in the movie Grease?  Rizzo
A dog named Tiger was a character on what 1969 sitcom?  The Brady Bunch


General Knowledge
What anatomical structures attach muscle to bone?  Tendons
Who was the Roman goddess of love, whose affair with Mars has been famously depicted in many pieces of art?  Venus
What type of animal should you "get in a row" in a saying meaning to get organized?  Ducks
What alcoholic drink can be single malt or grain?  Whiskey
What stimulant is found in tea and coffee?  Caffeine
Patriot Games and Clear and Present Danger were two books published in the 1980s by what writer?  Tom Clancy
SPELLING COUNTS: Spell the commonly misspelled word, Millennium?  Answer: Millennium
A number that is divisible by 2 is known as what?  Even
What famous volcano erupted in Japan in 1707?  Mount Fuji
What large plastic item became a sports craze in the 1950s?  Hula Hoop



Torchwood was a spin-off from what sci-fi TV show?  Doctor Who

Bonus Round
Asunción is the capital of what South American country?  Paraguay
Enceladus is a moon of what planet?  Saturn
What British athlete won consecutive Olympic gold medals in the decathlon?  Hint: It was for 1980 & 1984             Daley Thompson
The Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo was signed on February 2, 1848, ending what war?  The Mexican-American War
What Russian empress was rumored to have been involved in the assassination of her husband, Peter III?     Catherine the Great
What novel is the first appearance for detective Sherlock Holmes?  A Study in Scarlet
What country uses the internet code .ma?  Morocco
Folklore says that copper bracelets help with what condition?  Arthritis
In relation to art, the Latin word umbra refers to what?  Shade or Shadow
The Duchy of Bohemia was in what modern-day state?  Czech Republic



Game 240314F
Game Date: Thursday, March 14, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
“The Winter Soldier” is an installment in what Marvel superhero film series?  Captain America 
Master P and what other rapper are suing Post Foods and Walmart, accusing them of intentionally leaving the musicians’ cereal off store shelves and hiding it in stockrooms to sabotage it?  Snoop Dogg
Perez Hilton is best-known for posting what type of content online?  Gossip
Since 1991, Nevada's Black Rock Desert has been home to what annual music and arts festival?  Burning Man
On Feb 9th, what couple released their country pop duet “Purple Irises”? Blake Shelton & Gwen Stefani
Jake Gyllenhaal starred in a 2010 film about a Prince of what empire?  Persia
According to his theme song, what cartoon character "lives in a pineapple under the sea"?  SpongeBob SquarePants
Who played the receptionist Jennifer Marlowe on the sitcom WKRP in Cincinnati?  Loni Anderson
A recent American theatrical premiere in Los Angeles celebrated the legacy of which iconic musician, known for hits like “One Love” and “Jamming”?  Bob Marley
In the 1985 Tears for Fears song, everybody wants to rule what?  The World

General Knowledge
What building is used for the election of a pope?  Sistine Chapel
Name the character from The Great Gatsby who has an affair with Jay Gatsby, leading to a series of tragic events. Daisy (Buchanan)
What diet excludes all products from animals?  Vegan
Historically, there are three types of locomotives: electric, diesel, and what third type?  Steam
Doulas are trained to support people during what?  Childbirth / Pregnancy
DDT was a chemical formerly used as what?  Insecticide 
What was Princess Diana's surname before she got married?  Spencer
SPELLING COUNTS: Spell the commonly misspelled word – Kaleidoscope?  Answer: Kaleidoscope
Ptolemy became king of what country after Alexander the Great conquered it?  Egypt
What fibrous connective tissue attaches bone to bone? Ligaments

The sitcom Laverne and Shirley was set in what US city?  Milwaukee

Bonus Round
What country stopped minting one cent coins on February 4, 2013?  Canada
In 1703, the Russian city of Saint Petersburg was founded by what Russian tsar?  Peter the Great / Peter I
In the book A Clockwork Orange, what is the main character Alex's favorite composer; this composer’s music plays an important role throughout the novel?  Ludwig van Beethoven 
Montevideo is the capital of what South American country?  Uruguay
How many gold medals did Jesse Owens win at the 1936 Olympics in Berlin, challenging the Nazi propaganda of racial superiority?  4
What famous treaty was signed on February 10, 1763, ending the Seven Years' War?  The Treaty of Paris
What dinosaur name translates as "roof lizard"?  Stegosaurus
What composer wrote the Water Music?  George Frideric (Handel)
Due to a legal quirk, the monarchy owns most of what type of bird in England?  Swans
Sundiata Keita established a Middle Ages empire in what African country?  Mali



Game 240317F
Game Date: Sunday, March 17, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What country is the setting for Disney's animated film Beauty and the Beast?  France
Children’s pajamas were recently recalled due to flammability, featuring “Creepers” and TNT from what popular video game?  Minecraft
What group had a 1960’s smash hit with "I'm A Believer"?  The Monkees
Last year, what athlete became the NBA’s all-time leading scorer?  LeBron James
What was the nickname of jazz musician Edward Ellington?  Duke
The T.V series Degrassi Junior High was made in what country?  Canada
Portrayed by Melissa McCarthy, Sookie St. James is a character in what 2000’s T.V series?  Gilmore Girls
Macaulay Culkin dated what actress between 2002 and 2010?  Mila Kunis
Andy Dufresne is convicted of what crime in The Shawshank Redemption?  Murder
"Shiny Happy People" is a 1991 song by what musical group?  R.E.M

General Knowledge
In 1721, French engineer Adrien de Pauger arrived in New Orleans to design the streets of the Vieux Carré, known today as what neighborhood?  French Quarter
What is the name of the world's largest lizard?  Komodo Dragon
Ketchup and horseradish are mixed and served cold for what sauce -- traditionally eaten in the United States with cooked shrimp?  Cocktail Sauce
The term renal is used to reference what organ of the body?  Kidneys
On February 2, 2020, what NFL team won Super Bowl LIV (aka Super Bowl 54)?  Kansas City Chiefs
Cortisol, a steroid hormone, is the body’s primary _______ hormone.  Stress
A book about someone’s life, written by someone else, has what name?  Biography
What type of weather is categorized on a scale of 1 to 5?  Hurricane
Overconsumption is associated with which of the ‘Seven Deadly Sins’?  Gluttony
What color are the blood cells that fight infection?  White 

British socialites Petra and Tamara have what surname?  Ecclestone

Bonus Round
Who served as the U.S. Secretary of State from 2001 until his retirement in 2005?  Colin Powell
The refractive power of a lens is measured in what quantity?  Dioptre
What was the original capital of the Assyrian Empire?  Assur (also spelled Ashur)
Countess Olenska features in what 1993 movie, adapted from an Edith Wharton book?  The Age of Innocence
In what country did John Lennon marry Yoko Ono in 1969?  Gibraltar
What parasite causes a tropical disease called bilharzia?  Flukes (flatworms)
What Austrian town hosted the 1964 Olympics?  Innsbruck
The Fraunhofer Society patented what in 1989?  MP3
Who was the first person to travel faster than the speed of sound?  Charles Yeager
The Horsehead Nebula is a part of what famous constellation?  Orion






Game 240318F
Game Date: Monday, March 18, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Riff is the leader of which gang in the musical West Side Story?  Jets
What well known Russian opposition leader and anticorruption activist recently died in a Russian prison under suspicious circumstances?  Aleksei Navalny
How many kids do Hollywood ex-couple Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie share?  6
What TV series, set in the world of high finance, stars Damian Lewis as a hedge fund manager and Paul Giamatti as a United States attorney?  Billions 
The original Toy Story film was the first feature film from what American computer animation studio?  Pixar
What is the name of the 1954 hit song by Bill Haley & His Comets that features a clock theme?                               Rock Around the Clock
Ginger, Scary, Sporty, Posh, and Baby were the members of what English girl group?  Spice Girls
Set in a fictional estate and featuring the lives of the Crawley family, what period drama won 15 Emmy Awards over its 6-season run from 2010 to 2015?  Downton Abbey 
Last month in Cape Town, South Africa, complaints of a foul stench led to the discovery of a carrier ship hiding 19,000 of what type of animal?  Cows
Sting was most famously the lead singer of what band?  The Police





General Knowledge
How many gold medals has Usain Bolt won in total at the Olympics: A) 6  B) 8  C) 10?  Answer: B) 8
Gingivitis is the inflammation of what part of the human body?  Gums
On February 11, 1990, what famous anti-apartheid leader was released from prison after 27 years?  Nelson Mandela
What American entrepreneur co-founded Twitter in 2006 and Square (now known as Block) in 2009?  Jack Dorsey
In what George Orwell classic novel does a clock striking thirteen signify the beginning of a dystopian narrative?  1984
What chain introduced such "innovations" as the P'Zone, the Bigfoot, and the Priazzo?  Pizza Hut 
What is “fax” short for?  Facsimile 
Famed for its literary giants and legendary Guinness beer, what is the capital of the Republic of Ireland?  Dublin
The type of plaster used to set broken bones is named after what European city?  Paris
What term refers to the generation born between the mid 1940s and mid 1960s?  Baby Boomers
What British singer's real name is Marie McLaughlin Lawrie?  Lulu

Bonus Round
What nation finally granted women the right to vote in 2015?  Saudi Arabia
Within three: how many total episodes of the David E. Kelley legal drama The Practice were released?             Answer: 165 – 171 (exact = 168)
Unlike current ceremonies, an actor could win an award for multiple films when the Oscars began -- with that being said, who won the first Oscar for ‘Best Actor’ in 1929 for two films, The Last Command and The Way of All Flesh?   Emil Jannings
In what decade did the Disney character, Bambi, first make his debut?  1940s
What famous scientist, known for his work in electromagnetism and electrochemistry, is the namesake for a cage or shield used to block electromagnetic fields?  Michael Faraday 
First exhibited in Florence, what instrument was invented in 1709?  Piano
Most rainforests are structured in four layers; what is the bottom layer, found beneath the understory?  Forest Floor
What F1 team has competed in every season since the sport began in 1950?  Ferrari
In what year did the Boston Tea Party take place?  1773
Born in Bombay, what author of the stoic poem If won the Nobel prize for literature in 1907?  Rudyard Kipling

Game 240319F
Game Date: Tuesday, March 19, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What British actor played Russell "Stringer" Bell in The Wire?  Idris Elba
What is Edward's last name in the Twilight books and movies?  Cullen
What acclaimed drama series follows the lives of the Roy family, who control a global media conglomerate?  Succession
A judge in what US state recently ordered Donald Trump to pay $355 million for fraudulently inflating the value of his business?  New York 
What Oscar-winning actor voices Woody in the Toy Story movies?  Tom Hanks
“Clocks”, a song by what rock band, reflects on the relentless passage of time?  Coldplay
Who is the creator of the hit TV series Breaking Bad?  Vince Gilligan
What AI chipmaker announced last month that its revenue more than tripled last quarter and it’s projected to triple in revenue again?  Nvidia
What type of competition is the reality show Nailed It?  Baking
What chameleon was an 80s hit for Culture Club?  Karma

General Knowledge
Often mistakenly referred to as Big Ben itself, what is the name of the clock tower that holds the bell known as Big Ben?  Elizabeth Tower
What fast-food chain once had a mascot called the Noid?  Domino's 
What historical figure is known for her seductive role in the fall of the Roman Republic through her relationships with Julius Caesar and Mark Antony?  Cleopatra
What 1962 event brought the world to the brink of nuclear war between the US and the USSR?  Cuban Missile Crisis
What is an alternative name for a mouth organ?  Harmonica
In 2007, what Indianapolis Colts coach became the first black head coach to win the Super Bowl?  Tony Dungy
What is the name for the spongy substance found within bone?  Bone Marrow
What letter refers to the generation born between the mid 1960s and early 1980s?  X
What type of chip has flavors like Cool Ranch, Nacho Cheese, and Spicy Sweet Chili?  Doritos
What pigment gives plants their green color?  Chlorophyll


What singer plays Gladys Knight in the drama series American Soul?  Kelly Rowland

Bonus Round
What US battleship exploded in Havana Harbor on February 15, 1898, leading to the Spanish-American War?         USS Maine
Name one of the two films that Emil Jannings won ‘best actor’ for at the first Oscars in 1929.                                 Answer: The Last Command or The Way of All Flesh
What is the capital of the European country, Luxembourg?  Luxembourg (City)
In what decade did the Disney character, Pluto, first make his debut?  1930s
Most rainforests are structured in four layers; what layer lies between the Emergent layer and the Understory?  Canopy
Honey Dill Sauce is unique to what part of Canada?  Manitoba
Rounded to the nearest whole number, how many centimeters are in a foot?  30
Who did Julius Caesar defeat to become Emperor of Rome?  Pompey the Great
What name was given to New York City prior to it being renamed in the 1600s?  New Amsterdam
What actor was initially cast to play Marty McFly in Back to the Future and had filmed most of the movie before being replaced by Michael J. Fox?  Eric Stoltz



Game 240320F
Game Date: Wednesday, March 20, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Lynda Carter starred as what DC superhero in a 70s TV series?  Wonder Woman 
Last month, Capital One said it would acquire what credit card company in a deal valued at $35.3 billion?  Discover
How many children do Hollywood couple Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds share?  4
What's Eating Gilbert Grape stars what actor in the title role?  Johnny Depp
"On the air and unaware" is the tagline of what 1998 Jim Carrey movie?  The Truman Show 
In what city did the most recent season of Love Is Blind (season 6) take place?  Charlotte (NC)
What period drama, set in Atlantic City during the 1920s, won a total of 20 Emmy Awards over its 5-season run from 2010 to 2014?  Boardwalk Empire
What animated Disney film features a clock named Cogsworth, who keeps a tight schedule in an enchanted castle?  Beauty and the Beast
What actor portrayed the mobster Tony Soprano in the hit HBO series The Sopranos?  James Gandolfini 
The Oscar-winning filmmaker Sam Mendes recently announced plans to make four separate biopics about the members of what band?  The Beatles


General Knowledge
What is the name for the early geologic supercontinent that incorporated almost all the landmasses on Earth?  Pangea
What legendary investor, and co-founder of Berkshire Hathaway, is nicknamed the 'Oracle of Omaha'?  Warren Buffett
The assassination of what Archduke is often cited as the spark that ignited World War I?  Franz Ferdinand 
What fast-food chain, founded in Quincy, Massachusetts in 1950, officially cut its name in half in 2019, dropping the reference to its signature product? Dunkin' (Donuts)
What "R" cooking word, a verb, describes cooking the fat out of meat?  Rendering
An abnormal bulge of tissue through the abdominal wall of the human body is called what?  Hernia
What letter refers to the generation born between the early 1980s and mid 1990s?  Y
Crown Royal whisky comes in a velvet bag of what color?  Purple
What is the name for a mother whale?  Cow
Taking place in December in the Northern Hemisphere, what name is given to the first day of winter?  Solstice
Who played Antonina Zabinski in the 2017 film The Zookeeper's Wife?  Jessica Chastain

Bonus Round
Put the following three small countries in order of surface area, smallest to largest:  Andorra, Monaco and Malta.  Answer: Monaco, Malta, and Andorra
Actress Jayne Mansfield was killed in a car crash in what state in 1967?  Louisiana
The formation of bone material is called what?  Ossification/Osteogenesis
In what decade did the Disney character, Snow White, first make her debut?  1930s
 An actor could win an award for multiple films when the Oscars began -- that being said, who won the first Oscar for ‘Best Actress’ in 1929 for three films, 7th Heaven, Street Angel, and Sunrise?       Janet Gaynor
Although Russia's boycott might have helped, what country won 83 gold medals at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles?  United States
Born in Germany, what composer of the Messiah with its famous Hallelujah chorus, is buried in Westminster Abbey?  George Frideric Handel 
Shylock seeks to collect a "pound of flesh" in what Shakespeare play?  The Merchant of Venice
Most rainforests are structured in four layers; what layer lies at the top, just above the canopy?  Emergent
What world figure was assassinated by Nathuram Godse in 1948?  Gandhi


Game 240321F
Game Date: Thursday, March 21, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
"Toosie Slide" is a 2020 hit by what artist?  Drake
Johnny Depp and Charlize Theron starred in a movie about what person's wife?  Astronaut
What TV show, created by Jenji Kohan, is based on the memoir of Piper Kerman and follows her experiences in a women's prison?  Orange Is the New Black
The estate of what famous children’s book author recently rewrote his novels, to make them less offensive and more inclusive?  Roald Dahl
Who played the title character on Apple TV's multiple award-winning show Ted Lasso?  Jason Sudeikis 
Starbucks unveiled new coffee drinks, branded Oleato, in its flagship store in Italy last month. What ingredient is in the new beverages?  Olive Oil
Bon Jovi was formed in 1983 in what US state?  New Jersey
Keanu Reeves plays FBI agent Johnny Utah in what 1991 movie?  Point Break
In what famous children's book does a clock tower strike midnight, leading to the transformation of a pumpkin carriage?  Cinderella
Pinkfong had a novelty hit about what type of baby animal?  Shark

General Knowledge
Taking place in June in the Northern Hemisphere, what name is given to the first day of summer?  Solstice
What was the famous rallying cry that emerged following the fall of the Alamo, used in subsequent battles for Texan independence?  "Remember the Alamo!”
How many herbs and spices make up the secret blend used on Colonel Harland Sanders' most famous creation: his Original KFC Recipe?  11
In what European city might you watch a gig at Wembley stadium?  London
In what part of the body would you find bones called the hammer and the anvil?  Ear
What major religion was set up with five main pillars?  Islam
Besides chick, what is the name for a baby turkey?  Poult
What New York Yankees closer retired from baseball in 2013 as the MLB's all-time career leader in saves?        Mariano Rivera 
What letter refers to the generation born between the late 1990s and 2010?  Z
What type of bread is traditionally used for a Reuben sandwich?  Rye

What show was about the exploits of writer Jessica Fletcher?  Murder She Wrote

Bonus Round
Within three inches: according to Wikipedia, what is the combined reach in inches of boxers Marvin Hagler and Sugar Ray Leonard?  Acceptable answers: 146 – 152 (actual = 149 inches)
Name one of the three films that Janet Gaynor won ‘best actress’ for at the first Oscars in 1929.                                 Answer: 7th Heaven, Street Angel, or Sunrise
What Scottish queen was executed in 1587 for, among other accusations, alleged involvement in the murder of her second husband?  Mary, Queen of Scots
In what decade did the Disney character, Goofy, first make his debut?  1930s
Known for penning The Canterbury Tales, what poet and playwright is portrayed by Paul Bettani in the 2001 movie A Knight's Tale?  Geoffrey Chaucer 
What is the name of the footage of the Kennedy assassination taken by a spectator that was selected to be preserved in the National Film Registry in 1994?  Zapruder Film
Most rainforests are structured in four layers; what layer lies between the forest floor and the canopy?  Understory
What method of storing food was invented in 1810?  Canning
What city hosted the 1964 summer Olympics?  Tokyo
What Ivy League University announced it would admit women in 1968?  Yale

Game 240324F
Game Date: Sunday, March 24, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Sven is what animal in the Disney movie Frozen?  Reindeer
"You're Still the One" was the first major hit by what country artist?  Shania Twain
Oceanic Flight 815 featured in what hit TV show?  Lost
The hit song "Lady Marmalade" is from what movie?  Moulin Rouge
What political nickname is given to the important weekday in the election cycle when many states hold their primary elections; this year, it fell on March 5th? Super Tuesday
What 1985 film, starring Tim Curry, Madeline Kahn, Michael McKean, Lesley Ann Warren, and Christopher Lloyd, was the first movie based on a board game?  Clue
The Sitcom Happy Days was set in what U.S city?  Milwaukee
The classic 70’s album Songs in the Key of Life is by what musical artist?  Stevie Wonder
What color is Yogi Bear’s tie?  Green
On Wednesday, March 13th of this year, the U.S. House approved a bill that would effectively ban, or force the sale of what major social media company? TikTok

General Knowledge
What dish, consisting of fresh raw fish cured in fresh citrus juices, is considered one of Peru's national dishes?  Ceviche
California's longest land border is with what state to its east?  Nevada 
Bluegrass is traditional music developed in what country?  United States
In what toe is Gout most commonly found?  Big Toe
Bengal and Siberian are subspecies of what animal?  Tiger
What soccer player holds the record for most career-goals scored with over 800?  Cristiano Ronaldo
What word describes an animal that eats “everything”; in other words both plant and animal matter?  Omnivore
In which location did Charles Darwin make observations that helped him formulate the theory of evolution?   The Galapagos Islands
What does the P stand for in the internet term HTTP?  Protocol
Rose gold has what other metal added to it to create the reddish pink color?  Copper

In what year was Gemma Collins born?  1981

Bonus Round
How do you write 2023 in Roman Numerals?  MMXXIII
The element Berkellium is named after a city in what U.S state?  California
Also known as Lacedaemon, what city-state in ancient Greece defeated Athens to win the Peloponnesian War?  Sparta
Rather than Malibu, within Mattel lore, Barbie hails from the fictional town of Willows… located in what state?  Wisconsin
The saxophone was invented by an individual from what European country?  Belgium
What Egyptian deity had the head of a cat?  Bastet
What poisonous creature is eaten as food called Fugu in Japan?  Pufferfish / Blowfish
What planet has moons called Rhea, Hyperion, and Phoebe?  Saturn
The death of what monarch sparked the Norman Invasion of 1066?  Edward the Confessor
The History of Tom Jones 1749 novel was written by what author?  Henry Fielding



Game 240325F
Game Date: Monday, March 25, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What author and subject of the 2014 movie The Theory of Everything is buried in the Nave of Westminster Abbey?          Stephen Hawking
In the Nickelodeon series, Rugrats, who is the twin sister of Phil?  Lil (aka Lillian)
What drama series, featuring counter-terrorism agent Jack Bauer, won 20 Emmy Awards during its run?  24
What rapper released the album The Slim Shady LP in 1999?  Eminem
Following a legal ruling from the same state that nullified his $55.8 billion Tesla compensation package, Elon Musk relocated SpaceX's state of incorporation from what state to Texas?  Delaware
During a Jimmy Kimmel Live appearance, what 39-year-old singer announced that the upcoming season of American Idol will likely be her last?  Katy Perry
On the sitcom Hot in Cleveland, the household dog was named after what ER actor and Oscar-winning movie star?            George Clooney
What 1996 action-adventure film, starring Helen Hunt, follows storm chasers documenting tornadoes in Oklahoma?  Twister
On November 30, 1979, the band Pink Floyd released what rock opera about a jaded musician named Pink?  The Wall
“I Just Can’t Wait to Be King” is a song from what 1994 Disney animated film?  The Lion King


General Knowledge
What fast food chain offers a secret menu item called "The Meat Mountain"?  Arby's
What is the capita of Australia?  Canberra
What natural phenomenon, also known as the Northern Lights, illuminates the sky in high-latitude regions?         Aurora Borealis
In 1947, what player-controlled devices were added to pinball machines to keep the ball in play longer?  Flippers
After the miracle comeback (down 3-0 against the Yankees) in 2004, the Red Sox beat what team in the World Series?  St. Louis Cardinals
Ebola was first detected on what continent?  Africa
Hyperopia is a condition that can affect which of the senses?  Sight
Simply put, the age of a tree can be determined by counting its what?  Rings
In what US state can you find Denali National Park and Reserve?  Alaska
What classic Scottish dish is made from oatmeal, onion, and sheep organs?  Haggis


Who plays Ellen Roark in the 1996 film A Time to Kill?  Sandra Bullock

Bonus Round
The Pyramid Lake War took place against the Paiute people in what US state?  Nevada
In what decade was the the National Geographic Society established?  1880s
What was the name of the American U-2 spy plane pilot shot down over the USSR in 1960?  Francis Gary Powers 
What iconic sports car brand introduced the Testarossa model in 1984, known for its rear-mounted, 12 cylinder engine?  Ferrari
Name one of the two terms for a collective group of squirrels.  Answer: Dray or Scurry
Deemed the “Eighth Wonder of the World”, the Astrodome opened in Houston in what year?  1965
What unit of area is equal to roughly 2.47 acres?  Hectare
Key Lime Pie is the official pie of what US state?  Florida
Michael O'Leary is the public face of what airline?  Ryanair
The chemical element Gallium is named after the Latin word for what country?  France

Game 240326F
Game Date: Tuesday, March 26, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What Detroit Pistons center was arrested for assault last month after punching Phoenix Suns center Drew Eubanks, hours before their teams played?  Isaiah Stewart 
Which member of The Beatles was lead vocals on the song “Yellow Submarine”?  Ringo Starr
On Sabrina the Teenage Witch, the talking cat was named for what city, historically associated with witchcraft?  Salem
What Academy Award winning actor, and ex-husband of actress Vivian Leigh, starred in such films as Hamlet and Spartacus and was knighted in 1947 by King George VI?  Sir Laurence Olivier
“The Family Madrigal” is a song from what 2021 Disney animated film?  Encanto
What critically acclaimed comedy series, starring and created by Phoebe Waller-Bridge, won ‘Outstanding Comedy Series’ at the 2019 Emmy Awards?  Fleabag
On Feb 12th, the removal of scaffolding atop Paris' Notre Dame Cathedral revealed the newly installed spire, crowned with a cross and what golden bird?  Rooster
CEO David Risher apologized for a typo in the earnings release by what ride-hailing company that led to a 60% stock surge in after-hours trading on Feb 13th?  Lyft
In the Nickelodeon series, Rugrats, who is the twin brother of Lil (aka Lillian)?  Phil
What symbol is added to the stylized spelling of rapper ASAP Rocky’s name?  $ (dollar sign)



General Knowledge
What is the capital of the Netherlands?  Amsterdam
What Apple computer, released in 1984, is famous for its introduction during a Super Bowl XVIII commercial?  Macintosh
What is the term for the band of colors seen in a rainbow?  Spectrum
What protein forms hair, fingernails, and a rhinoceros' horn?  Keratin
What NHL team broke the color barrier when they played Willie O’Ree in 1958?  Boston Bruins
Offspring of two species is known as what (hint: a mule is a __________ of a donkey and a horse)?  Hybrid
The Grand Canyon national park is located in what US state?  Arizona
What are the wedge-shaped sections of Garlic called?  Clove
Piranhas live in the rivers of what continent?  South America
Recounted in the Old Testament of the Bible, who parted the Red Sea to give the Israelites safe passage?  Moses


Who plays assassin Villanelle in the TV series Killing Eve?  Jodie Comer

Bonus Round
What 1956 international crisis involved Egypt's nationalization of a major waterway?  Suez Crisis 
In what country did the fast food chain McDonald's open its first vegetarian-only restaurant?  India 
In what decade did Billboard magazine first publish music charts?  1930s
What Spanish word is used to refer to a widespread windstorm that originates from a fast-moving group of severe thunderstorms?  Derecho
The first use of DNA fingerprinting in solving major crimes, which revolutionized forensic science, was used in a criminal case in what country in 1986?  United Kingdom 
Carcharodon carcharias is the scientific name for what large fish?  Great White Shark
Originating in Uganda and sweeping through Brazil and the Americas, what virus was the first mosquito-born virus to cause birth defects?  Zika Virus
Theodor Heuss was re-elected President of what country in 1954?  West Germany
What psychedelic drug became illegal in the US in 1967?  LSD
What was the first name of composer Shostakovich, who published his 5th string quartet in 1951?  Dmitri

Game 240327F
Game Date: Wednesday, March 27, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
In 2009, Guitar World magazine named what Led Zeppelin song as having the greatest guitar solo of all time?  Stairway to Heaven
On the TV series Family Guy, what martini-loving dog is known for his sophisticated taste and wit?  Brian
What singer-songwriter of “Maggie” recently sold his publishing catalog to Iconic Artists Group for almost $100 million?  Rod Stewart
What 86-year-old wildcatter who once controlled 340,000 acres of west Texas oilfields, just became the US's richest oilman after selling to Diamondback Energy?  Autry Stephens
Marvel revealed the superhero quartet cast of the latest iteration of what film; the cast includes actors Pedro Pascal and Vanessa Kirby?  The Fantastic Four
What 2000 extreme weather movie starred George Clooney as the captain of the commercial sword fishing boat the Andrea Gail?  The Perfect Storm
“One Jump Ahead” is a song from what 1992 Disney animated film?  Aladdin
In 2018, Harrison Ford, George Lucas, and R2-D2 attended the Hollywood Walk of Fame star ceremony of what actor?  Mark Hamill
Who portrayed Hal in the 2000 sitcom Malcom in the Middle?  Bryan Cranston
What symbol was formerly added to the stylized spelling of singer Kesha’s name?  $ (dollar sign)



General Knowledge
What is the capital of Egypt?  Cairo
What artistic pastime gets its name from the Greek for "writing with light"?  Photography
In 1932, what future British Prime Minister acquired a doctor's note that would allow him to legally drink alcohol while visiting the US?  Winston Churchill
What European city is home to the Heineken Experience museum?  Amsterdam
What Boston Celtics Hall of Famer from the 80’s was nicknamed “The Chief”?  Robert Parrish
Palpitations may be felt in what organ of the body?  Heart
In what US state can you find Old Faithful, located in Yellowstone National Park?  Wyoming
What term is commonly used to describe a ray or shaft of light, often associated with lasers or headlights?  Beam
Vodou or “voodoo” is practiced in what Caribbean island nation?  Haiti
Marmalade most commonly has what flavor?  Orange
Who plays Dan Gallagher in the 1987 film Fatal Attraction?  Michael Douglas

Bonus Round
Ophidiophobia is a fear of what creatures?  Snakes
The ruins of ancient Carthage are located in what modern day country?  Tunisia
What incident in August 1964 led to the escalation of the Vietnam War by allowing President Lyndon B. Johnson to use military force without a formal declaration of war?  Gulf of Tonkin Incident
Beheaded in 1618, what Elizabethan era courtier, known for his search for El Dorado, is often credited for first popularizing the smoking of tobacco in England?  Sir Walter Raleigh
What chain's signature beverage -- a frothy fruit drink -- was the official drink of the 1964 New York World's Fair?  Orange Julius
In what year did MTV, the music television network, launch and revolutionize the music industry?  1981
What did the African country of Swaziland change its name to?  Eswatini
Who was the first human to enter space?  Yuri Gagarin
The famous 1962 Russian American spy swap took place in what city?  Berlin
The popular 1955 TV quiz show had a title worth how many dollars?  $64,000


Game 240328F
Game Date: Thursday, March 28, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What movie won ‘Best Film’ at the 2024 BAFTA Awards on February 18th?  Oppenheimer
In the 2008 film Iron Man, what is the first fast food item Tony Stark wants to eat after returning from captivity?              A cheeseburger
Who portrayed Malcom in the 2000 sitcom Malcom in the Middle?  Frankie Muniz
What Harry Potter character is referred to as "He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named"?  Lord Voldemort
Julianne Moore took over the role of Clarice Starling from what Oscar-winning actress who chose to not appear in the 2001 film Hannibal?  Jodie Foster
“Down in New Orleans” is a song from what 2009 Disney animated film?  The Princess and the Frog
What Terminator actress will be in season 5 of Stranger Things and recently said being in the series "Kind of ruined the show for me” because she does not like seeing herself on screen?  Linda Hamilton
On what show did a yellow lab named Vincent make sure that Jack -- a survivor from Oceanic Flight 815 -- didn't die alone?  Lost
Fill-in-the-blank on the song “Blinded by the Light”: "Revved up like a _______, another runner in the night".  Deuce
Before Mark Ruffalo, who played the Hulk in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?  Edward Norton


General Knowledge
What author of A Tale of Two Cities and Great Expectations is buried in the Poet's Corner section of Westminster Abbey?  Charles Dickens
What is the capital of Japan?  Tokyo
First demonstrated by Isaac Newton, what is the term for an object that can break up white light to show the different colors it's made of?  Prism
Anvil crawler, ball, bead, ribbon and sheet are all types of what weather phenomenon?  Lightning
The largest religious complex in the world, Angkor Wat is a temple in what country?  Cambodia 
What is the name for the rod on which pigs are usually roasted over a fire?  Spit
Who quarterbacked the New England Patriots in 2008 after Tom Brady suffered a torn ACL?  Matt Cassel
Myopia is a condition that can affect which of the senses?  Sight
In geology, what term refers to layers of sedimentary rock and volcanic ash?  Strata
In what US state can you find Yosemite National Park?  California
Who played the US President in the 2003 movie Love Actually?  Billy Bob Thorton

Bonus Round
What country hosted the Commonwealth Games in 1954?  Canada
A device invented by Stephen Hales measured what for the first time in 1733?  Blood Pressure
The Zimmermann Telegram proposed a military alliance between Germany and what other country during WWI?  Mexico
On Star Trek: The Original Series, Dr. Leonard McCoy was known by what nickname?  Bones
On November 20th of what year did Microsoft release the first version of the Windows operating system?  1985
Cheviot, Romney, and Herdwick are varieties of what animal?  Sheep
What was the name of a person in charge at a monastery?  Abbot
In 1943, a famous conference between Allied leaders Churchill, Roosevelt, and Stalin was held in what middle-eastern capital city? Tehran
In what year did The Bachelorette, an American reality television dating show, first debut on ABC?  2003 
What future US President married Nancy Davis in Los Angeles in 1952?  Ronald Reagan

Game 240331F
Game Date: Sunday, March 31. 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
In the American comic book publisher, what does DC stand for?  Detective Comics
Who was the first winner of the reality singing competition American Idol?  Kelly Clarkson 
Evil Emperor Zurg is a villain in what Pixar movie?  Toy Story 2
Man of the Woods is the fifth studio album by what American singer-songwriter?  Justin Timberlake
Who stars as Mike in the film series Magic Mike?  Channing Tatum
In a 60’s hit, who did the Beach Boys ask to help them?  Rhonda
What U.S state is associated with Dixieland jazz?  Louisiana
A 1998 George Clooney movie was about what color thin line?  Red
What actress was married to Richard Burton twice?  Elizabeth Taylor
“Death on the Nile" is an Agatha Christie book-turned-film set on what form of transport?  Steamboat/Steamer



General Knowledge
What ancient Greek physician is best known today for coining the oath of ethics taken by doctors?  Hippocrates
Morado in Spanish = what color in English?  Purple
What is the name of the place where historical documents are kept?  Archives
Petco Park is the home of what Major League Baseball team?  San Diego Padres
Cu is the symbol of what chemical element?  Copper 
Who wrote the famous novel Great Expectations?  Charles Dickens
What is the capital of Alabama?  Montgomery
Most of the atmosphere of Venus is made up of what gas?  Carbon Dioxide (CO2)
In what decade did the NFL and AFL officially combine schedules and merge into one league?  1970s (1970)
Traditional Buffalo Wings in the United States are most commonly served with what TWO dressing options?  Blue Cheese and Ranch

Elvis sings some of the lyrics to the song "Wooden Heart" in what language?  German

Bonus Round
What mountain is the highest peak in the 48 contiguous U.S. states?  Mount Whitney
In 1886, What country experienced the Witwatersrand Gold Rush?  South Africa
What type of creature is a Boomslang?  Snake
What country uses dong as its currency?  Vietnam
What is the name for a variable electric resistor, with two terminals?  Rheostat
The Teatro Filarmonico opera house was built in what Italian city in the 18th century?  Verona
Tycho Brahe was a nobleman and astronomer from what country?  Denmark
Who painted The Laughing Cavalier?  Frans Hals
What liqueur is added to a screwdriver to turn it into a Harvey Wallbanger?  Galliano
Chris Haney and Scott Abbott are the creators of what popular board game?  Trivia Pursuit


Game 240401F
Game Date: Monday, April 1, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What member of the Pussycat Dolls won season 10 of reality show Dancing With the Stars?  Nicole Scherzinger
What rock singer is known as "The Boss"?  Bruce Springsteen
Who recently became the first Black woman to reach the number one position on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart with her new single “Texas Hold 'Em”?  Beyoncé 
On Miami Vice, what kind of animal was Crocket's pet Elvis?  Alligator 
Intuitive Machines built what lander, nicknamed 'Odie' whose touchdown on Feb 22nd returned the US to the lunar surface for the first time in more than 50 years?  Odysseus 
What movie character went looking for a Temple of Doom?  Indiana Jones
Avoiding an 18 car wreck with eight laps remaining, what driver managed to clinch a win at the Daytona 500 on February 19th?  William Byron 
Featuring a trouble-making cartoon rabbit, what 1988 film is considered a landmark in the blending of live-action and animation?  Who Framed Roger Rabbit 
What is the theme song for the hit TV series Cheers?  Where Everybody Knows Your Name
What musical group went on a "Magical Mystery Tour" in the 1960s?  The Beatles

General Knowledge
Given that the human eye contains three types of color receptors, what are the three primary colors of light?  Red, green, and blue
What word represents the letter “V” in the NATO Phonetic Alphabet?  Victor
Technically called syncope, what is the term for a sudden, temporary loss of consciousness?  Fainting / Passing Out
What process, fundamental to plant life, converts light energy into chemical energy?  Photosynthesis 
The south-central area of the US, which includes Nebraska, Oklahoma, Kansas, and Texas, is nicknamed "Tornado ______."  Alley
Dulse, often dried and served as a snack, is what type of plant?  Seaweed
What video game system, released in the US by Nintendo in 1985, revitalized the video game industry?                   NES (Nintendo Entertainment System)
The American Dental Association recommends to brush your teeth twice a day for how many minutes per brushing?     2 minutes
The name of what French city means the same as "pleasant“ in English?  Nice
The Holy See is the highest authority in what religion?  (Roman) Catholic



What artist wrote "Manic Monday" for the Bangles?  Prince

Bonus Round
How often do male deer grow new antlers?  Annually
What Italian artist's full name was Alessandro di Mariano di Vanni Filipepi?  (Sandro) Botticelli
What is measured in pascals?  Pressure
The blinking light atop the Capitol Records Building in Los Angeles spells out what nine-letter word in Morse Code?  Hollywood 
Italian diplomat Niccolo Machiavelli, born in 1469, is best known today for writing what handbook for unscrupulous politicians?  The Prince 
What is an erythrocyte?  Red Blood Cell
In what year did Ford produce the Model T car?  1908
The 9th century English King Alfred repelled an invasion from where?  Scandinavia
Six days of unrest followed the arrest of Marquette Frye in what US city in 1965?  Los Angeles
What musical artist wore the cape of the "Yellow Empress" by Chinese designer Guo Pei in 2015?  Rihanna


Game 240402F
Game Date: Tuesday, April 2, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What former Desperate Housewives star will be joining the cast of Hulu's Only Murders in the Building for Season 4?  Eva Longoria 
What sport is featured in the 1986 Tom Cruise movie The Color of Money?  Pool
One of the beloved pitbulls on TV is Backup, the sidekick of the title character on what teen detective series?          Veronica Mars 
What founder of WikiLeaks made a recent court appearance in London, regarding a years-long legal battle to avoid extradition to the United States on espionage charges?  Julian Assange 
“Who Shot J.R.?" was a famous cliffhanger on what primetime soap opera?  Dallas 
What is the theme song for the hit TV series Golden Girls?  Thank You For Being a Friend
After what bird of prey did Kanye West name his most recent album?  Vulture 
Known for many songs including “Natural Woman” and “Respect”, who became the first woman inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987?  Aretha Franklin
What actress competes with Emma Stone for the Queen's attention in the movie The Favourite?  Rachel Weisz
What singer and record producer is widely regarded as "The King of Latin Pop"?  Enrique Iglesias

General Knowledge
What 1961 failed invasion attempt by Cuban exiles was backed by the US CIA?  Bay of Pigs Invasion
What word stands for the letter “Z” in the NATO Phonetic Alphabet?  Zulu
Retinitis and conjunctivitis are inflammatory conditions affecting parts of what organ?  Eyes 
What is the only US state that borders three Canadian provinces?  Montana 
Some of the strongest currencies in the world, from Kuwait, Bahrain, and Jordan, are all known by what name?  Dinar 
What Winnie-the-Pooh creator also wrote the 1927 collection of children's poetry Now We Are Six?  A.A. Milne 
Which small mammal, with large ears and native to North Africa, is often referred to as the 'desert fox’? Fennec
What is the highest number category on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Wind Scale?  Category 5 
Do female mosquitoes, male mosquitoes, or both feed on the blood of humans?  Females
What precious metal marks 25 years of marriage?  Silver



What Batman villain is Edward Nigma?  The Riddler 

Bonus Round
What fabric gives its name to the ancient Europe to Asia trade route?  Silk (Road)
In what 19th century war did the British launch their military action against the Russians famously called "The charge of the light brigade"?  Crimean War
Toussaint Charbonneau was a famous explorer from what country?  Canada
What kind of camera lens has a thin center and makes things look smaller?  Concave
Where did Brazilian journalist Vladimir Herzog die in 1975?  São Paulo Prison
What was the first name of President Andrew Johnson's wife?  Eliza
In the novel Gulliver's Travels, what island does Gulliver travel to in Part I?  Lilliput
What famously opened at Longleat House in 1966?  Safari Park
What prehistoric period ended with the extinction of the dinosaurs?  Cretaceous Period 
Reigning during the time of William Shakespeare, what queen was the daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn?  Queen Elizabeth I

Game 240403F
Game Date: Wednesday, April 3, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What former cast-mate and actress is married to Ashton Kutcher?  Mila Kunis
What social media platform recently struck a $60 million a year deal with Google to make its content available for training the search engines' artificial intelligence models?  Reddit 
On the sitcom F.R.I.E.N.D.S, Ross once owned what type of pet named Marcel?  (Capuchin) monkey 
Who "Explains it all" in the title of a 90s TV show?  Clarissa
Oprah Winfrey recently announced she will be stepping down from the board, and donating all her shares, of what famous diet company after serving for nearly a decade?  Weight Watchers 
What is the theme song for the hit TV series Full House?  Everywhere You Look
Daniel Day-Lewis won his second ‘Best Actor’ Academy Award for his performance in what 2007 film?                   There Will Be Blood 
After months of speculation, Ryan Gosling was hired to perform what song from the Barbie movie at this year's Oscars?  I'm Just Ken 
What country group had its biggest mainstream hit with 1978's “The Devil Went Down to Georgia”?                        Charlie Daniels Band 
Who hosts TV reality cooking show Hell's Kitchen?  Gordon Ramsey



General Knowledge
What is defined as a fluid filled sac just under the skin?  Cyst
In 1997, what fast-food restaurant introduced a popular advertising campaign that featured a talking Chihuahua?    Taco Bell
What is the quick-sounding term for the amount of time it takes for light to travel one centimeter in a vacuum?  Jiffy
What word stands for the letter “R” in the NATO Phonetic Alphabet?  Romeo
What NHL team is named after a meteorological phenomenon characterized by wind speeds exceeding 74 miles per hour?  Carolina Hurricanes
Hair Nation is a Sirius XM channel primarily dedicated to the glam metal music of what decade?  1980s 
What precious metal marks 50 years of marriage?  Gold
What does the C stand for in the behavioral treatment CBT?  Cognitive
According to scientists, on what continent did modern humans first evolve?  Africa
Political brothers Fidel and Raul had what last name?  Castro



In what country was model Emily Ratajkowski born?  England

Bonus Round
Someone who is teetotal doesn't do what?  Drink alcohol
The Sugar Loaf mountain overlooks what city?  Rio de Janeiro
What was the name of the newspaper that Johnny Depp took to court two years ago for calling him a “wife beater”?  The Sun
What 1979 event led to a prolonged crisis involving American diplomats in Iran?  The Iran Hostage Crisis
Otherwise known as the "King of Clouds" what type of cloud, often associated with thunderstorms, is known for its anvil shape?  Cumulonimbus Cloud
What medical drama was one of the first American TV shows to discuss HIV/AIDS, airing an episode on the topic in 1983 called “AIDS and Comfort”?  St. Elsewhere 
Skoda is a car manufacturer from what European country?  Czech Republic
The Medieval Kingdom of Nri was established in what modern day country?  Nigeria
What was the first name of DNA scientist Mr. Crick?  Francis
What member of the family Asteracae is the national plant of Scotland?  Thistle


Game 240404F
Game Date: Thursday, April 4, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What US entertainer was known as "Ole Blue Eyes"?  Frank Sinatra
On Gilmore Girls, Lorelai's dog was named after what singer-songwriter from the 1960s who produced hits like “Diana” and “Puppy Love”?  Paul Anka
What US sitcom is set at Dunder Mifflin Paper Company?  The Office
“Serve the Servants” and “All Apologies” are two tracks on a 1993 album by what band?  Nirvana
Capitalizing on the AI boom, what US chipmaker's stock price at one point gave it a valuation of $2 Trillion last month following their earnings release?  Nvidia
What actress, known for her role in Funny Girl, received a ‘Lifetime Achievement Award’ at the 2024 Screen Actors Guild Awards on February 24th?  Barbra Streisand 
What two companies recently became involved in the $35 billion all-stock deal to create the largest US credit card company by loan volume?  Capital One & Discover
In 1981, what car manufacturer released the DMC-12, a sports car that would later become iconic in the Back to the Future film series?  DeLorean Motor Company 
L.A.M.B. is a clothing line founded by what singer and TV personality?  Gwen Stefani 
What is the theme song for the hit TV series F.R.I.E.N.D.S?  I’ll Be There For You


General Knowledge
What biology term describes the environment where a plant or animal lives?  Habitat
What was the surname of Samuel and John, who both signed the Declaration of Independence?  Adams
Meat from a deer has what name?  Venison
What word stands for the letter “S” in the NATO Phonetic Alphabet?  Sierra
What fast-food restaurant, founded by Dave Thomas, is credited with popularizing the first modern-day drive-thru window?  Wendy's
How many constellations are recognized by the International Astronomical Union: A) 33  B)  88  C )111  D) 166?       Answer: B) 88
What video game manufacturer introduced us to Sonic the Hedgehog in 1991?  Sega 
Besides the New York Yankees, what was the only other Major League team to win at least two World Series in the 1990s?  Toronto Blue Jays 
What bodily system fights off disease?  Immune System
A Quokka is an animal similar to a Wallaby, found in what country?  Australia


What artist sang the 1960s protest song "A Change Is Gonna Come"?  Sam Cooke

Bonus Round
Hermès is a fashion brand from what country?  France
Lassi, a popular drink in India, is made from what main ingredient?  Yogurt
The annexation of what country by Saddam Hussein's Iraq in 1990 led to the Gulf War?  Kuwait
After a failed expedition to find the source of the Nile, what 19th century Scottish explorer was discovered by journalist Henry Stanley languishing in a remote African village?  David Livingstone
In what year was silly putty inducted into the National Toy Hall of Fame?  2001
In relation to milk, what does UHT stand for?  Ultra Heat Treated
The compound of calcium oxide has what other name?  Lime
The majority of the Trojan asteroids orbit the sun alongside what planet?  Jupiter
The Lusitania sailed from what port in May 1915, before it sunk?  New York City
The English Wars of the Roses were between York and what other house?  Lancaster

Game 240407F
Game Date: Sunday, April 7, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What iconic furniture retailer was founded in 1943 by a teenager named Ingvar Kamprad?  IKEA
Camila Cabello's 2018 single referenced what city?  Havana
Who stars opposite Jim Carrey in the film Dumb and Dumber?  Jeff Daniels
What is the name of the ship that caused the recent collapse of the Francis Scott Key Bridge? The Dali
What Oscar-winning actress is the co-host of The Goop Podcast?  Gwyneth Paltrow
In 2009, what hip-hop group released a special remastered edition of its landmark 1989 album Paul's Boutique?  Beastie Boys
Besides New York, what other U.S state was the main setting for the HBO series The Sopranos?  New Jersey
On March 26th, RFK Jr. announced what bay-area tech attorney and philanthropist as his choice for Vice President? Nicole Shanahan
What musical group was looking for a "Message in a Bottle“ in 1979?  Police
What actor provided sign language interpretation for the national anthem during the most recent Super Bowl?  Daniel Durant




General Knowledge
How many total sides does a decagon have?  Ten
The Strait of Gibraltar divides Morocco from Gibraltar and what country in mainland Europe?  Spain
What U.S President signed the Civil Rights Act of 1964 in the East Room of the White House?  Lyndon B. Johnson
A post he has held since 1993, who is the current NHL commissioner?  Gary Bettman
A Pilgrim sandwich is made with bread, turkey, cheese, and what fruit?  Cranberries
What term is given to the shortest day of the year?  Winter Solstice
What ancient Greek was famous for his moral fables?  Aesop
The force of air on objects moving through it is known as what?  Air resistance (aka drag)
Clydesdale, Appaloosa, and Arabian are breeds of what animal?  Horses
What famous beer is made at St. James Gate in Dublin?  Guinness





What famous actor plays Douglas in the Netflix film Bird Box?  John Malkovich

Bonus Round
Lake Koocanusa is a reservoir that sits on the border of Montana and what Canadian province?  British Columbia
What was the nickname of English King Richard I?  Lion Heart
Setting new career highs, how many home runs did David Ortiz hit during the 2005 regular season?  47
After prohibition, the first state liquor store opened in 1934 in what state?  Pennsylvania
In the 1950 Disney film Cinderella, what were the names of Cinderella’s two stepsisters?  Anastasia & Drizella
Who was the marine biologist who led the group that discovered the aggressive nature in dolphins?  Richard Connor
Rossini wrote an opera about a Barber in what Spanish city?  Seville
Bouillabaisse is the signature dish of what French city?  Marseille
Whose law states “traits lost in evolution can not reappear”?  (Louis) Dollo 
Mossad, the secret service of what country, was established in 1951?  Israel

Game 240408F
Game Date: Monday, April 8, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Illusionist David Blaine and what “Diamonds” singer performed during the pre-wedding celebrations of Anant Ambani, the son of Asia's richest man?  Rihanna
Who played the title role in the 2011 MCU film, Captain America: The First Avenger?  Chris Evans
The show Frasier featured what beloved, well-trained Jack Russell Terrier, known for his intelligence and on-screen antics? (Looking for the character name)  Eddie
What Hollywood actress is married to former NSYNC band member, Justin Timberlake?  Jessica Biel
“Wrath of the Lich King” and “Dragonflight” are expansion packs for what 2015 inductee into the World Video Game Hall of Fame?  World of Warcraft
On March 7th, what country officially joined NATO, becoming its 32nd inducted member? Sweden
Which of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles wears a purple bandana?  Donatello
What signature Eagles song, known for its disputed ownership over hand-drafted lyrics, led to a criminal case that New York prosecutors recently dropped midtrial?  Hotel California 
What social media platform's CEO, Shou Chew, has denied connections to the Chinese Communist Party in recent Senate hearings?  TikTok 
What type of animal is Rocko, from the 90’s Nickelodeon series Rocko’s Modern Life?  Wallaby

General Knowledge
What “ology” is the study of diseases of the heart?  Cardiology
What Parisian cathedral experienced a devastating fire in April 2019?  Notre Dame
What fast food chain is responsible for the slogan, “Have it your way”?  Burger King
What adjective describes an animal or plant on the verge of becoming extinct?  Endangered
The team in the NHL with the best regular season record is awarded what trophy?  The President’s Trophy
In terms of surface area, what is the smallest of the Great Lakes?  Lake Ontario
What jersey number did Rob Gronkowski wear during the time he spent playing for the New England Patriots?  87
What is the capital of Oklahoma?  Oklahoma City
How many colors make up the Union Jack flag?  3
Also known as trisomy 21, what condition is caused by the presence of all or part of an extra 21st chromosome? Down Syndrome
Who provided the voice of Chi in the 2018 animation Duck Duck Goose?  Zendaya

Bonus Round
Born in 1950, what is the legal name of Motown star Stevie Wonder?  Stevland Judkins (birth name) OR Stevland Morris (chosen name)
Who was the first US President to be sworn into office while on Air Force One?  Lyndon B. Johnson 
American inventor Cornelius Swartwout's patent for the modern waffle iron was granted in what decade?  1860s
To what US state do the San Juan islands belong?  Washington
In the 2003 film Elf, what color is in the name of the publishing company that Walter Hobbs works for when Buddy first meets him?  Green
Boil weevils destroyed much of what crop in the Southern US in the 1900s?  Cotton
Who was the longest-serving director of the FBI?  J. Edgar Hoover
Civil rights activist Ruby Bridges was from what US state?  Mississippi
Saluki and Blue Lacy are breeds of what animal?  Dog
In what year did Jerry Lee Lewis have the smash hit “Great Balls of Fire”?  1957




Game 240409F
Game Date: Tuesday, April 9, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who recently announced he would step down as US Senate Minority Leader this November, after 4 decades of Senate membership?  Mitch McConnell
It was recently announced that Denzel Washington and Jake Gyllenhaal are set to star in a 2025 Broadway revival of which William Shakespeare play? HINT: It features the character Iago?  Othello
Who played the title role in the 2015 MCU film, Ant-Man?  Paul Rudd
What is the name of Adele's Las Vegas residency that she recently announced she is postponing due to illness?  Weekends with Adele
“The Burning Crusade” and “Shadowlands” are expansion packs for what 2015 inductee into the World Video Game Hall of Fame?  World of Warcraft
Although he didn't write it, what Frank Sinatra signature song contains the lyrics, "For what is a man, what has he got? / If not himself, then he has naught."?  My Way 
Which of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles wears a red bandana?  Raphael
In what country did Tesla's European Gigafactory halt work indefinitely due to a suspected recent arson attack that disrupted electricity supplies?  Germany 
Released in January, what is the name of the most recent single by Justin Timberlake?  Selfish
What type of animal is Stimpy, from the 90’s Nickelodeon series The Ren & Stimpy Show?  Cat

General Knowledge
The top goalie in the NHL is awarded what trophy?  The Vezina
Where are the carotid arteries located?  Neck
A lightning strike that occurs under clear skies is known as a "bolt from the ______".  Blue
In terms of surface area, what is the largest of the Great Lakes?  Lake Superior
What jersey number did Julian Edelman wear during the time he spent playing for the New England Patriots?  11
What is the capital of West Virginia?  Charleston
What building material was banned when it was linked to lung cancer?  Asbestos
The slogan “Stimulate your senses” belongs to what chewing gum brand?  5
What is the name of the flag that combines the three country flags of England, Scotland, and Ireland?  Union Jack
What shape are a goat’s pupils?  Rectangular

Who provided vocals on the 2018 Eminem song "River"?  Ed Sheeran

Bonus Round
New Wave music emerged at the end of what decade?  1970s
The Battle of Çanakkale was part of what larger conflict?  World War I
"Tyger, tyger burning bright" is the start of a poem by what writer?  Williams Blake
What 2004 inductee into the WWE Hall of Fame served as Governor of Minnesota from 1999 to 2003?  Jesse Ventura
Just three seasons after their inception, what professional basketball team won the 1971 NBA Finals?           Milwaukee Bucks   
A Spanish New Year tradition involves eating 12 of what item in 12 seconds?  Grapes
"The Thinker" is a famous work by what sculptor?  (Auguste) Rodin
Kikuyu people traditionally lived in what African country?  Kenya 
In all, 21 states can boast being the birthplace of a President, with what two – both of which claim William Henry Harrison – fighting for the title?  Virginia & Ohio
In what state was the Lays Chips company founded?  Tennessee

Game 240410F
Game Date: Wednesday, April 10, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who stars as Jack in the 2018 remake of the film A Star is Born?  Bradley Cooper
Victor Manuel Rocha, former US Ambassador to Bolivia, pleaded guilty last month to working as a foreign agent on behalf of what country for more than 40 years?  Cuba
What type of animal is Ren, from the 90’s Nickelodeon series The Ren & Stimpy Show?  Dog
“Legion” and “Warlords of Draenor” are expansion packs for what 2015 inductee into the World Video Game Hall of Fame?  World of Warcraft
Who played the title role in the 2017 film, Logan?  Hugh Jackman
Former Baywatch star, Tara Leigh Patrick, has announced she has legally changed her name to what long-time stage name she claims was inspired by the late musician Prince?  Carmen Electra
What co-founder of the modern WWE recently netted over $400 million by selling more than five million shares in TKO Group Holdings, the parent company of WWE?  Vince McMahon
Which of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles wears a blue bandana?  Leonardo
Featuring Jack Black as the voice of the title character, what animated film was released in theatres on March 8th?  Kung Fu Panda 4 
"Finish What Ya Started" was a 1988 hit for what group?  Van Halen


General Knowledge
Popular in Budweiser commercials, what breed of horse is known for its large stature and appearances in parades? Clydesdale 
The flow of blood through the heart and around the body is called what?  Circulation
What is the name of the trophy awarded to the MLB’s World Series champion?  The Commissioner's Trophy
What weather phenomenon, similar to a tornado, does Wikipedia define as "an intense columnar vortex, (usually appearing as a funnel-shaped cloud), that occurs over a body of water."?  Waterspout
What hairstyle is frequently referred to as "business in the front, party in the back"?  Mullet
What sports drink had the tagline “Is it in you?”  Gatorade
What jersey number did Devin McCourty wear during the time he spent playing for the New England Patriots?  32
What is the capital of Vermont?  Montpelier
What three colors make up the Union Jack flag?  Red, White, and Blue
What was the first kind of animal ever to be cloned, in July 1996? A Sheep (named Dolly!)
Who sang the theme from the 1981 movie 9 to 5?  Dolly Parton

Bonus Round
Fiddleheads are types of what plant, often boiled and served as a vegetable?  Fern
In 1616, what English explorer was released from the Tower of London, where he had been imprisoned after being a part of a failed overthrowing of King James I?  Sir Walter Raleigh
Who was the first US President to marry while in office?  John Tyler
Whose painting Boy With A Pipe sold for $104 million in 2004?  Pablo Picasso
What metal is made from a mineral ore called Bauxite?  Aluminum
What mythical creature features in the title of a 2005 Wallace and Gromit film?  Were-Rabbit
The positive or negative sign next to blood types is known as the Rh Factor – what does Rh stand for?  Rhesus
Who was the first British Prime Minister to be assassinated?  Spencer Perceval
Who invented the microphone in 1877 and the gramophone in 1887?  Emil Berliner
In what decade did Webster publish its first dictionary?  1800s


Game 240411F
Game Date: Thursday, April 11, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
In The Simpsons, what greyhound was rescued by Bart and became a beloved family pet?  Santa's Little Helper
New Jersey restaurant Holsten's announced last month it is auctioning off the booth where the final scene of what HBO hit series was filmed?  The Sopranos
Who stars as Ally in the 2018 remake of the film A Star is Born?  Lady Gaga
Who played the title role in the 2008 film, The Dark Knight?  Christian Bale
On Feb 28th, the Saudi Arabian Football Federation announced the suspension and fine of what Al-Nassr star player for allegedly provoking fans with an obscene gesture?  Cristiano Ronaldo
“Mists of Pandaria” and “Battle for Azeroth” are expansion packs for what 2015 inductee into the World Video Game Hall of Fame?  World of Warcraft
Who received a then-record $1 million for her performance as Cleopatra in the 1963 film of the same name?   Elizabeth Taylor 
Which of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles wears an orange bandana?  Michelangelo
What ex-heavyweight boxing champ is set to box Jake Paul in a fight scheduled for July 20th, to be live streamed on Netflix?  Mike Tyson 
What actress, celebrated for her role in the 2006 movie The Queen, was honored with a Barbie doll in her likeness for this year's International Women’s Day?  Helen Mirren 


General Knowledge
What liquid does a flower produce to attract insects?  Nectar 
What is the name of the trophy awarded to the NBA champion?  The Larry O’Brien Championship Trophy
Rounded to the nearest 100th, how many regular season goals did Wayne Gretzky score during his Hall of Fame career?  900
What color is the central color in the cross on the Union Jack flag?  Red
In 1885, Karl Benz invented the first practical automobile, the Benz Patent-Motorwagen—how many wheels did it have?  Three
“Dreams of Africa” and “Chimpanzee Behavior” are two of the lessons in the MasterClass course on conservation taught by what famed primatologist?  Jane Goodall
What jersey number did Randy Moss wear during the time he spent playing for the New England Patriots?  81
What is the capital of Virginia?  Richmond
What snack brand is responsible for the slogan, “betcha can’t eat just one.”?  Lays
What is the term for the toe that lies higher up on the paw than the rest of a dog's toes; it's similar to the position of the human thumb?  Dewclaw
Who starred as TV's Nash Bridges?  Don Johnson

Bonus Round
What does the first A stand for in the AAU hospital ward?  Acute
What US state saw the 1794 Battle of Fallen Timbers?  Ohio
Released in 2005 and 2012, Stephen Spielberg produced and directed only two films since 2000 that had one word titles; what were they?  Munich & Lincoln
Blenheim Orange is a cultivator of what type of fruit?  Apple
Who became the 21st US President in 1881?  Chester A. Arthur
What is the medical term for a reshaping of the ear?  Otoplasty
In what year did Black Wednesday occur; this is when the pound sterling collapsed which forced Britain to withdraw from the European Exchange Rate Mechanism?  1992
What famous New York City landmark first opened to the public in 1973?  World Trade Center
What nation's army executed Che Guevara on October 9, 1967?  Bolivia
What river in the US caught fire in 1969?  Cuyahoga

Game 240414F
Game Date: Sunday, April 14, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
The Musical movie Bohemian Rhapsody is about what band?  Queen
In 2005, Melissa Etheridge and Joss Stone sang “Piece of My Heart” in honor of what late rock singer receiving the ‘Lifetime Achievement Award’?  Janis Joplin
In the Cartoon Network show Johnny Bravo, what color shirt does Johnny Bravo wear?  Black
Who stars as Lucy in the 1950’s TV sitcom I Love Lucy?  Lucille Ball
Former NFL defensive back Vontae Davis recently passed away at 35. What team was he playing for when he retired mid-game in 2018? Buffalo Bills
What 1991 film was the first animated movie to be nominated for ‘Best Picture’ at the Academy Awards?             Beauty and the Beast
What pop singer's 2004 marriage to her childhood friend Jason Allen Alexander was annulled after just 55 hours?  Britney Spears 
Chromatica was a 2020 album by what artist?  Lady Gaga
Armando Perez is the real name of what singer, who shares his stage name with a well-known dog breed?  Pitbull
A bridge in Baltimore, which recently collapsed, was named after what lawyer and poet in American history? Francis Scott Key


General Knowledge
What Dutch painter based his 1889 work The Starry Night on the view from his asylum room at Saint-Rémy-de-Provence?  Vincent Van Gogh
Who was U.S President at the time of the Watergate scandal?  Richard Nixon
Guacamole is made with what main ingredient?  Avocado
In Greek myths, what creature was half-man and half-bull?  Minotaur
What country had roughly 17 kings named Louis?  France
What two letters describe the scale to measure acids and bases?  pH
Spectacled, Sun, and Grizzly are species of what animal?  Bear
What is the capital of Connecticut?  Hartford
What term refers to putting items in order relating to the establishment of dates and time sequences?      Chronological Order  
Spartacus was a gladiator who led a revolt against what Empire?  Roman
On television, Pinky and Perky were what type of animal?  Pigs


Bonus Round
What is the name of the paranoid android in The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy?  Marvin
What author of The Joy Luck Club was born in California shortly after her parents immigrated to the U.S.?  Amy Tan
“A Smokin' His Cigar” was an 1868 campaign song for what U.S. president?  Ulysses S. Grant
‘Operation Boot’ was a 1953 plot to overthrow the leader of what country?  Iran
In what decade was the board game Cluedo (Clue in North America) officially released?  1940s (1949)
What traditional men-only organization is often referred to as "The Craft"?  Freemasons
In what state did James Earl Ray escape from a prison in 1977?  Tennessee
Pacas is a variety of what?  Coffee
The 3.2 million year old Australopithecus afarensis bones found in Africa in 1974 were given what name?  Lucy
The Chrysanthemum Throne is the traditional seat of what monarch?  Emperor of Japan



Game 240415F
Game Date: Monday, April 15, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
How many Adam Sandler films has Jennifer Aniston starred in?  3 (Just Go With It, Murder Mystery 1, 2)
Donkey’s wife, Dragon, is what color in the Shrek films?  Red
What global fast-food chain recently experienced a technology outage affecting many of its outlets around the world, including Japan, the United Kingdom, and Australia? McDonalds 
What supergroup contained Tom Petty, Bob Dylan, and George Harrison?  Traveling Wilburys
In what US territory did President Biden face a surprise defeat to Baltimore businessman Jason Palmer during the Democratic nomination process this past Super Tuesday?  American Samoa
What actor provided the voice of Simba in the 2019 live-action version of The Lion King?  Donald Glover
Whitney Houston's song "I Will Always Love You" is from what 1992 movie?  The Bodyguard
What artist recently had to cancel seven dates of her first North American tour in five years, called This Is Me… Now, due to weak ticket sales? Jennifer Lopez 
What type of animal appears in their commercials and has been the official mascot of American insurance company Aflac since 1999?  Duck
What city was "By the Sea" in the title of a Casey Affleck movie?  Manchester

General Knowledge
What color rose represents friendship?  Yellow
What is the name of the American brand of cutting plotters, or computer-controlled cutting machines, designed for home crafters?  Cricut 
What term is used for the scientific study of the behavior, structure, physiology, classification, and distribution of animals?  Zoology
A broad inlet of the sea where the land curves inward shares its name with what type of window?  Bay
Who led civil rights marches in Montgomery Alabama in the spring of 1965?  Martin Luther King Jr.
A popular dip/topping, queso is the Spanish word for what?  Cheese
What is the longest bone in the human body?  Femur
In relation to Daylight Savings time, do we gain or lose an hour in the spring?  Lose
The Constitution of the United States divides the federal government into how many branches?  3
What is the second largest planet in our solar system?  Saturn
Who released a single called "New Light" in May 2018?  John Mayer

Bonus Round
A green-marzipan covered Princess Cake is a traditional treat from what country?  Sweden
Who was the inventor of Coca-Cola?  John S. Pemberton
What Russian czar was assassinated in 1881?  Alexander II
"She Walks in Beauty" is a famous work by what poet?  Lord Byron
What country won the first ever Men’s Cricket World Cup in 1975?  West Indies
Star of the recent Oscar nominated film Killers of the Flower Moon, in what year was Robert De Niro born?  1943
In what US state can you find Grand Teton National Park?  Wyoming 
With atomic number 108, ‘Hs’ is the symbol for what chemical element?  Hassium
Who was the third person to walk on the moon?  Charles "Pete" Conrad Jr. 
Who is the Roman god of gateways?  Janus


Game 240416F
Game Date: Tuesday, April 16, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
How many Oscars did Oppenheimer win at the March 10th Academy Awards?  7
Who stars opposite Jennifer Lopez in the 2001 film The Wedding Planner?  Matthew McConaughey
What MCU star is the voice of the Dragon called Smaug in the 2013 Hobbit movie?  Benedict Cumberbatch
What punk group sang "I am an Antichrist” in the 1970s?  Sex Pistols
What Scandinavian country recently announced plans to extend military conscription to women for the first time?  Denmark 
What reality TV show had the signature tagline "You're fired"?  The Apprentice
In the animated TV series Family Guy, what color is the collar that Brian wears?  Red
"Can't Feel My Face" is a 2016 hit by what artist?  The Weeknd
What car "Goes Bananas" in the title of a 1980 movie?  Herbie
After protesting two years ago and removing his entire catalog, what streaming platform did Neil Young recently return his music to?  Spotify 


General Knowledge
On what side of the Apple logo does it appear that a bite has been taken?  Right
A branch of biology, the scientific study of functions and mechanisms in a living system is called what?  Physiology
Who, with tailor Jacob Davis, patented blue jeans and founded a namesake company?  Levi Strauss
Buffalo wings are mostly commonly paired with what two types of dressing?  Ranch & Blue Cheese
What is the term for the physical force which makes objects fall towards the earth?  Gravity
In relation to Daylight Savings time, do the clocks move forward or backwards during the Fall?  Backwards
What is the minimum recommended SPF by dermatologists?  30
An artistic imitation of a person in which certain striking characteristics are exaggerated in order to create a comical effect is known as a what?  Caricature
In 1922, Howard Carter opened the famous tomb of what ancient Egyptian pharaoh?  King Tut (Tutankhamun)
What branch of the federal government is responsible for evaluating laws and determining the Constitutionality of the law?  Judicial

Along with a couple of rappers, who provides vocals for DJ Khaled's 2018 song "No Brainer"?  Justin Bieber

Bonus Round
Benedick, Beatrice, and Don Pedro are characters in what Shakespeare play?  Much Ado About Nothing
What is the term for a collective group of clams?  Bed
Silas Marner is a famous novel by what English writer?  George Eliot
In what country was the sport of curling invented?  Scotland
Andorra is a small state in what mountain range?  Pyrenees
Presenter of the most recent ‘Best Picture’ Oscar, in what year was actor Al Pacino born?  1940
Ataulfo, Keitt, and Alphonso are varieties of what type of fruit?  Mango
What Russian spacecraft did the space shuttle Atlantis dock with in 1995?  Mir
Winston Churchill ordered the restocking of what animal at Gibraltar in 1942?  (Barbary) Macaques
With atomic number 43, ‘Tc’ is the symbol for what chemical element?  Technetium



Game 240417F
Game Date: Wednesday, April 17, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Johnny Depp is the face of Sauvage, a fragrance from what luxury house?  Dior 
Harry Potter's mother shares her name with what type of flower?  Lily
What Oscar-winning actor honored his long-time friend Lenny Kravitz at his recent Hollywood Walk of Fame ceremony?  Denzel Washington 
Who stars opposite Matthew McConaughey in the 2001 film The Wedding Planner?  Jennifer Lopez
In the film series of the same name, what spoof spy's arch-enemy is Doctor Evil?  Austin Powers
What NFL quarterback, previously with the Minnesota Vikings, recently agreed to a four-year, $180 million deal with the Atlanta Falcons?  Kirk Cousins 
What former Destiny’s Child member sang with Nelly on his 2002 hit "Dilemma"?  Kelly Rowland
What group had three consecutive US number 1 singles in 1964?  The Beatles
What action comedy, directed by David Leitch and starring Ryan Gosling as a stuntman, recently premiered at the SXSW Film Festival? The Fall Guy
What animal comes before the word brief in the title of a Julia Roberts movie?  Pelican

General Knowledge
What do we call the study of the human body?  Anatomy
What country is historically remaining neutral throughout conflicts?  Switzerland
In relation to the Cardi’s Furniture company, what three names does NIROPE stand for?  Nick, Ron, & Pete  
What color tint does your skin take on if you suffer from jaundice?  Yellow
Popular among Shakespeare’s works, a fourteen-lined poem in rhymed iambic pentameter has what name?  Sonnet
In relation to Daylight Savings time, do the clocks move forward or backwards during the Spring?  Forward
On what side of the Apple logo is the leaf point facing?  Right
What branch of the federal government is responsible for carrying out laws?  Executive
Tsp. is the abbreviation for what cooking measurement?  Teaspoon
In what US state is the main campus of Cornell University located?  New York
Who released the 1973 album Touch Me in the Morning?  Diana Ross

Bonus Round
What nut is most commonly added to a Kentucky Derby Pie?  Pecans
In what decade was the Frisbee invented?  1950s
The Camomile Lawn is a novel by what writer?  Mary Wesley
A motorway called the M25 goes around what European capital?  London
With 260 goals, who is the all-time leading scorer in the history of the English Premier League?  Alan Shearer
Who was the cartoon mascot for Kellogg’s Pop-Tarts in 1971?  Milton the Toaster
A muumuu is a bright dress traditionally worn by women from what island?  Hawaii
Star of the recent Oscar nominee, The Holdovers, in what year was Paul Giamatti born?  1967
With atomic number 116, ‘Lv’ is the symbol for what chemical element?  Livermorium
Who was the creator of the Barbie doll?  Ruth Handler




Game 240418F
Game Date: Thursday, April 18, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What singer provided the voice of Nala in the 2019 live-action version of The Lion King?  Beyoncé
How many Adam Sandler films has Drew Barrymore starred in?  3
What Madonna hit starts "Life is a mystery, everyone must stand alone"?  Like a Prayer
What 92 year old media tycoon recently got engaged to retired Russian molecular biologist Elena Zhukova?        Rupert Murdoch
Who played June Carter Cash in the 2005 hit movie Walk the Line?  Reese Witherspoon
What American PGA golfer emerged victorious at the Player's Championship held at Florida's TPC Sawgrass course on March 17th?  Scottie Scheffler 
What cartoon character operates a bronto-crane at the Slate Rock and Gravel Company?  Fred Flintstone
What brand of beer was advertised in commercials with lots of people saying "Wasssup"?  Budweiser
What British group's debut album was called Parachutes?  Coldplay
What two Japanese automakers recently signed an agreement to explore a partnership focusing on reducing costs in electric vehicle development and automotive software?  Nissan and Honda 

General Knowledge
What do we call the scientific study of life?  Biology
What color represents envy?  Green
In Greek mythology, who is the winged horse that sprung from Medusa's blood?  Pegasus
Cheesesteak sandwiches are named after what US city?  Philadelphia
Sweat travels to openings in the epidermis called what?  Pores
In relation to Daylight Savings time, do we gain or lose an hour in the fall?  Gain
How many leaves does a shamrock need to have to be considered lucky?  4
What branch of the federal government is responsible for creating laws?  Legislative
Home to “The Fighting Irish”, in what US state is The University of Notre Dame located?  Indiana 
Tbsp. is the abbreviation for what cooking measurement?  Tablespoon
Who released an album called Free Spirit in 2019?  Khalid

Bonus Round
"Still I Rise" is an inspirational poem by what writer?  Maya Angelou 
A goombay is what type of musical instrument?  Drum
Who was the "Little Debbie" snack line named after, in family-relation to the original owners? Granddaughter
Who is the second all-time leading scorer in the history of the NBA?  Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
You can get a fabulous view of what capital city from Mount Victoria?  Wellington
Star of the recent Oscar nominee, Poor Things, in what year was Willem Dafoe born?  1955
What fellow painter did Salvador Dali become friends with while in Paris?  Pablo Picasso
With atomic number 117, ‘Ts’ is the symbol for what chemical element?  Tennessine
In what month of 1981 did Britain’s Prince Charles marry Diana Spencer?  July
Although she has written many books, what three Liane Moriarty novels have also been adapted to television?                 Big Little Lies, Nine Perfect Strangers, and Apples Never Fall

Game 240421F
Game Date: Sunday, April 21, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Kieran Culkin plays Roman Roy on what HBO show?  Succession
"Sex on Fire" was a hit for which U.S rock group?  Kings of Leon
In which U.S. state does the Sundance Film Festival take place?  Utah 
On the TV show Flipper, what species of dolphin was Flipper?  Bottlenose Dolphin
Name the only two male Best Actor Oscar winners with the same last name; one was a winner in 1979 & 1988, the other in 2006.  Dustin Hoffman & Philip Seymour Hoffman
Adam Levine is the lead singer of which group?  Maroon 5
"There's no crying in baseball!" is a quote made famous by which movie?  A League of Their Own
The animation titled Go Diego Go was a spin-off from which other TV series?  Dora the Explorer
The 1989 movie "Dead Poets Society" stars which beloved late actor as John Keating?  Robin Williams 
What Kansas City Chiefs receiver recently surrendered to police in connection to a six-car accident in Dallas? Rashee Rice

General Knowledge
On what date in April does Earth Day always fall?  The 22nd 
In fairy-tales, Rumpelstiltskin could spin straw into which item?  Gold
What term, taken from the Italian for "to the tooth”, is used to describe pasta that is cooked to be firm?  Al Dente
Loch Lomond is the largest inland body of water in which country?  Scotland
What pitcher retired from baseball in 1993 as the MLB's all-time leader in career strikeouts, with 5,714?  Nolan Ryan
According to the well-known nursery rhyme, Hey Diddle Diddle, what ran away with the spoon?  The dish
Barack Obama represented what state between 1997 and 2004?  Illinois
Which red gem is the birthstone for January?  Garnet
A Ponzi Scheme is an illegal scheme typically making fraudulent what?  Investments
Seen more prominently in men, the Adam’s apple is a part of the larynx which covers what organ in the body? Thyroid



What is the first name of Kevin's best friend in The Wonder Years?  Paul

Bonus Round
Earth Day’s founding was partially inspired by protestors and ”teach-ins” against which war?  Vietnam 
What was the surname of Elvis's wife Priscilla?  Beaulieu
What is the name of the marine mammal science that studies whales, dolphins, and porpoises?  Cetology
Mossad is the secret service of which country?  Israel
What letter appears at the top of a Snellen optometrist’s chart?  E 
What single named 2nd president of Indonesia ruled from 1967 to 1998?  Suharto 
What was the first planet discovered in the modern age by using a telescope?  Uranus
Which continent is home to the elusive Okapi?  Africa
Which flower shares its name with a vain character from Greek mythology?  Narcissus
In what year did Martin Luther King give his "I Have a Dream" speech?  1963

Game 240422F
Game Date: Monday, April 22, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What Game of Thrones actress portrayed "Qi'ra" in Solo: A Star Wars Story?  Emilia Clarke
In what fictional town is the hit Netflix series Stranger Things primarily set?  Hawkins, Indiana 
What rapper had Eminem, 50 Cent, and Snoop Dogg on hand when he was inducted into the Hollywood Walk of Fame on March 19th?  Dr. Dre 
Fill-in-the-blank on this Looney Tune character – Sylvester the __________.  Answer: Cat
From 1977 until his death in 1997, Michael Hutchence was the lead singer of what Australian rock group known for the songs “Need you Tonight” and “New Sensation”?  INXS 
On Parks and Recreation, what kind of car does the character Donna Meagle drive?  Mercedes-Benz 
What country remained the world's happiest for the seventh consecutive year, according to the recent annual UN-sponsored World Happiness Report?  Finland 
Geddy Lee, Neil Peart, and Alex Lifeson comprised the classic line-up of what power trio?  Rush
Sharing its name with a bowling term, what was the title of Prince Harry's tell-all book released in January 2023?   Spare 
What children's TV host was the subject of the documentary Won't You Be My Neighbor?  Mr. Rogers 



General Knowledge
What Disney princess’ castle is a focal point on Main Street in Disneyland California?  Sleeping Beauty (Aurora)
Fill-in-the-blank on this famous nursery rhyme: “Little miss Muffet sat on her tuffet, eating her curds and whey / Along came a __________ who sat down beside her.”  Answer: Spider
In 1884, the Switchback Railway, one of the world's first roller coasters, opened at what amusement area in Brooklyn?  Coney Island 
Who defeated Bobby Riggs in 1973 to win the televised tennis event known as "The Battle of the Sexes"?              Billie Jean King
The cartilage that prevents food from entering your trachea is called what?  Epiglottis
What space telescope was launched into low Earth orbit by NASA in 1990?  Hubble Space Telescope
Originally published in 1813, what English author wrote the novel Pride and Prejudice?  Jane Austen
Introduced in 2014, what is the name of the artificial intelligence-powered virtual assistant developed by Amazon?  Alexa
An animal that has a backbone (spine) is called a what?  Vertebrate
In 1741, British Admiral Edward Vernon captured Guantanamo Bay on what Caribbean island?  Cuba 
What is the first name of Kiefer Sutherland's character in the series Designated Survivor?  Tom


Bonus Round
The eldest sons of the Kings of France were given what title?  Dauphin
The use of crossbows helped William the Conqueror lead the Norman army to victory at what famed 1066 battle?  Battle of Hastings 
Grímsvötn is the most active volcano in what European country?  Iceland
According to Wikipedia, how many feet high is the Washington Monument in Washington D.C. –                                   A) 497  B) 555  C) 612  D) 771?  Answer: B) 555 feet
The English word yogurt comes from what language?  Turkish
Although he refused the offer, in 1952, the Israeli government offered their Presidency to what winner of the 1921 Nobel Prize in Physics?  Albert Einstein 
Put the following three action heroes in chronological order of their age, youngest to oldest: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Chuck Norris, Sylvester Stallone.  Answer: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Sylvester Stallone, & Chuck Norris
In what European country would you find the Corinth Canal?  Greece
Vasodilator medication is used to do what?  Open (dilate) blood vessels
The Kirov is the national ballet of what country?  Russia



Game 240423F
Game Date: Tuesday, April 23, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Star Trek was created by what American television screenwriter and producer?  Gene Roddenberry 
What 2006 Pixar film featured a brief vocal cameo from Jay Leno as "Jay Limo"?  Cars
What ex-wife of Jeff Bezos recently donated $640 million to 361 nonprofits through her organization Yield Giving?  Mackenzie Scott 
In 1988, Florence Ballard, Diana Ross, and Mary Wilson were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as the members of what girl group?  The Supremes 
In the TV series Doctor Who, what is the Doctor's time machine called?  The TARDIS 
Fill-in-the-blank on this Looney Tune character – Foghorn __________.  Answer: Leghorn
More than 10 different buses were used in the making of what 1994 action film starring Keanu Reeves and Sandra Bullock?  Speed 
What late singer had Billboard's highest-ranking Hot 100 single of the 1980s with her 1981 song Physical?            Olivia Newton-John 
What TV show, set in the 1960s and starring Jon Hamm, centered around the advertising industry on Madison Avenue?  Mad Men
What company made headlines recently when a quadriplegic patient, Noland Arbaugh, reportedly used his brain implant technology to play online chess?  Neuralink 





General Knowledge
Quasimodo has what specific job in the cathedral in The Hunchback of Notre Dame?  Bell Ringer
What is the term for the bat used in Cricket?  Willow 
Using polyethylene pellets from DuPont, Earl Tupper brought the first of what containers to market in 1946?  Tupperware 
What is the common name for the bump or protrusion on the front of many people's throats?  Adam’s Apple
What South African leader was imprisoned for 27 years before eventually becoming President?  Nelson Mandela 
What famous mausoleum, commissioned by Shah Jahan as a tomb for his wife, sits on the banks of the Yamuna River in Agra, India?  Taj Mahal 
Fill-in-the-blank on this famous nursery rhyme: “All the king's __________ and all the king's men / couldn't put Humpty together again.”  Answer: Horses
Originally published in 1811, what English author wrote the novel Sense and Sensibility?  Jane Austen
What company is responsible for developing the popular video game console known as the Xbox?  Microsoft
An animal without a backbone (spine) is called a what?  Invertebrate

What is the first name of Luke and Leia's mother in the Star Wars movies?  Padmé

Bonus Round
The Shoemaker-Levy 9 Comet broke up and crashed on what planet in 1994?  Jupiter
The Nikkei is the stock exchange index in what city?  Tokyo
On February 1832, Charles Darwin arrived in South America for the first time aboard what ship?  HMS Beagle 
In architecture, what is the term for a dome shape on top of a building?  Cupola
Isabel Peron was the first female president in the world, serving from 1974 to 1976 in what South American country? Argentina
In 1922, 15-year old Joseph Bombardier, using a Model-T Ford, tested the first prototype of what type of vehicle, which he finally brought to market in 1937?  Snowmobile 
Uluru (formerly known as Ayer's Rock) is located in what country?  Australia
Put the following three action heroes in chronological order of their age, oldest to youngest: Arnold Schwarzenegger, Chuck Norris, Sylvester Stallone.  Answer: Chuck Norris, Sylvester Stallone, & Arnold Schwarzenegger
In what European city would you find the Tivoli Gardens?  Copenhagen
Theodor Geisel wrote under what pen name?  Dr. Seuss


Game 240424F
Game Date: Wednesday, April 24, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Jed Clampett packed up his family and moved them to California on what classic sitcom?  The Beverly Hillbillies 
Fill-in-the-blank on this Looney Tune character – Marvin the __________.  Answer: Martian
What New Zealand-born actress played the title character in the 1990s TV series Xena: Warrior Princess?              Lucy Lawless 
As recently announced, who is reprising his role as Sheldon Cooper for the series finale of Young Sheldon?             Jim Parsons 
In the US version of The Office, what was the name of the paper company where the series was set?  Dunder Mifflin 
What futuristic animated family sitcom, first airing in 1962, promised a world of flying cars and robot maids?              The Jetsons 
What Kate Bush song gained renewed popularity in 2022 thanks to its inclusion in Stranger Things Season 4?  Running Up That Hill 
What iconic ice cream brand, known for its unique flavors, is being spun off by Unilever as part of its cost-cutting measures?  Ben & Jerry's 
What Australian singer/actress had a worldwide hit in the 1990s with her cover of Ednaswap's song “Torn”?            Natalie Imbruglia 
What Kansas City Chiefs tight end is in discussions to host a celebrity-focused reboot of the game show Are You Smarter Than a Fifth Grader? on Amazon Prime Video?  Travis Kelce


General Knowledge
The fibula is a bone located in what part of the body?  Leg
What are the three main states of matter?  Solid, Liquid, and Gas
What type of juice is combined with beer to make the drink known as a "beermosa"?  Orange juice 
What Scottish author published his novella, Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde, in 1886?  Robert Louis Stevenson
What subsidiary of Mondelez food brand produces Oreo cookies?  Nabisco
The Leaning Tower of Pisa is located in what European country?  Italy
In 1989, Nintendo released what groundbreaking handheld game console, quickly becoming a must-have gadget for kids?  Game Boy
‘At’, ‘for’, and ‘as’ are all examples of what?  Prepositions
In 1953, Jacqueline Lee Bouvier wore an ivory dress made of tissue silk at her wedding to what then-U.S. Senator?  John F. Kennedy
On the periodic table, the symbol "K" represents which element? Potassium
What is the name of Raj's sister who dates Leonard in the TV series The Big Bang Theory?  Priya

Bonus Round
Harald V became King of what European country in 1991?  Norway
In what decade was Charlie Chaplin's silent film The Gold Rush released?  1920s
Who was the Soviet leader during the Cuban Missile Crisis of 1962, which brought the United States and the USSR to the brink of nuclear war?  Nikita Khrushchev
The New Apostolic Church was founded in what European country in 1863?  Germany
What American socialite married Edward VIII, former King of England, on June 3, 1937?  Wallis Simpson 
First published in 1922, what wildly successful monthly magazine provided 31 articles of "enduring value and interest, in condensed and compact form"?  Reader's Digest 
In 1989, the United States invaded what country, to arrest former CIA informant Manuel Noriega?  Panama 
In what European city is the Doge's Palace located?  Venice
What profession was John Wilkes Booth, the man who killed Abraham Lincoln?  Actor
The Nagorno-Karabakh War was fought in the 90s between what two countries?  Armenia & Azerbaijan



Game 240425F
Game Date: Thursday, April 25, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Larry David, creator, writer, and star of Curb Your Enthusiasm also co-wrote what 1990s Emmy Award winning sitcom where he voiced the character of George Steinbrenner?  Seinfeld 
What Australian country singer married actress Nicole Kidman in 2006?  Keith Urban 
What horror film, starring Sydney Sweeney, opened in theatres on March 22nd?  Immaculate 
What long-running Aaron Spelling-produced series took place aboard the S.S. Pacific Princess?  The Love Boat 
Fill-in-the-blank on this Looney Tune character – Yosemite __________.  Answer: Sam
What hard rock band is best known for such songs as “Back in Black” and “Highway to Hell”?  AC/DC 
In the sitcom Three's Company, what was Mr. Furley's (played by Don Knotts) first name?  Ralph
Bernie Taupin and what singer, known for their decades-long collaboration, were honored with the Library of Congress Gershwin Prize in a March 20th tribute concert in D.C.?  Elton John
What is the name of the country where Leo Varadkar recently announced his resignation as prime minister and leader of the Fine Gael party?  Ireland
Released in 1995, what was the first ever Pixar feature film?  Toy Story



General Knowledge
What does a protractor measure?  Angles 
What are the names of the trio of elfin mascots associated with Rice Krispies cereal?  Snap, Crackle, and Pop 
What is aquaculture?  Fish Farming (seafood/aquatic organisms production)
The assassination of what Archduke in Sarajevo in 1914, triggered the beginning of World War I?  Franz Ferdinand 
Originally published in 1815, what English author wrote the novel Emma?  Jane Austen
Squirrel and Tamarin are types of what animal?  Monkey
An estimated 750 million people around the world tuned in on July 29, 1981, to see Lady Diana Spencer marry what prince?  Prince Charles
What company created the Switch, a hybrid gaming console that can be used both as a home console and a portable device?  Nintendo
On what continent would you find the Amazon River?  South America 
What element on the periodic table is represented by the symbol “Hg”? Mercury
In Star Wars, what is the name of the junk dealer who has Anakin Skywalker as a slave?  Watto


Bonus Round
In relation to the famous motion picture and entertainment company, how many Warner Brothers are there?  4
In what European country are the Stone Age Altamira cave paintings locatec?  Spain
In Australia, what species of animal is a jumbuck?  Sheep
In dictionary definitions, what does the Latin abbreviation cf. mean in English?  Compare
In 1907, what was the last US state to declare Christmas a legal holiday?  Oklahoma
Making up about 95%, what gas forms most of the atmosphere on Mars?  Carbon Dioxide
Lyndon B. Johnson's Vice President Hubert Humphrey represented what US state in congress?  Minnesota
What famous person said: "One man in his time plays many parts"?  William Shakespeare
From 1993 to 2004, Johnny Depp owned what famed music club on the Sunset Strip that was very popular for young Hollywood stars in the 90s?  Viper Room
What is the title of the iconic 1940 painting by Salvador Dalí, featuring a melting clock draped over a tree branch? The Persistence of Memory

Game 240428F
Game Date: Sunday, April 28, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Leonard Nimoy played which Star Trek character?  Spock
Mickey Mouse wears shorts of what color?  Red
"I Want it All" and "Breakthru" were hits for what rock group?  Queen
What team won the 2024 NCAA men’s basketball national championship? (UConn) Huskies
Lara Croft is a character in a video game franchise. Who played her in the 2001 movie adaptation?  Angelina Jolie
Margot Robbie's movie I, Tonya is about what sport?  (Figure) Skating
In the New York case concerning alleged payments made by Donald Trump to Stormy Daniels, who is the presiding judge? Juan Merchan
Johnny Depp has never won an Oscar despite being nominated how many times?  3
Rydell High School is the setting for what movie musical?  Grease
What date marked the beginning of the 2024 NHL Stanley Cup playoffs? (Saturday) April 20th

General Knowledge
World War I broke out in 1914 following the June 28th assassination of what heir presumptive to the Austro-Hungarian throne?  Franz Ferdinand
An insomniac struggles to do what?  Sleep
Sometimes referred to as a sea cow, what is the official state marine mammal of Florida?  Manatee
What term is used to describe the cutting of a food item into long thin matchstick-like strips?  Julienne
Which joint connects your arm to your torso?  Shoulder
What word stands for the letter ‘U’ in the NATO phonetic alphabet?  Uniform 
What part of the eye controls light passing through the pupil?  Iris
Four teams make up the NFL’s AFC North Division: Cleveland Browns, Cincinnati Bengals, Baltimore Ravens, and what other team?  Pittsburgh Steelers
The "Last Supper" is a famous painting by which artist?  Leonardo Da Vinci
What gas do you produce when you breathe out?  Carbon Dioxide
Who famously said, “I have not failed, I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work”?  Thomas Edison

Bonus Round
The Olympic gold medals are no longer made of solid gold but instead they are mostly comprised of silver.  In what year were the last pure gold medals awarded?  1912
Opodous is an adjective used to describe a creature that does not have what?  Feet
Helsinki, the capital of Finland, was founded in 1550 by the King of what other country?  Sweden
Which physical quantity, when multiplied by an object's velocity, calculates its momentum? Mass
Hezbollah is a militant group based in which country?  Lebanon
Who was the chief songwriter of the Beach Boys?  Brian Wilson
Trabant cars were made in what country?  (East) Germany
What is a person with Belonophobia afraid of?  Needles
Which two birthstones are associated with November?  Topaz and Citrine
What is the name for the deliberate use of exaggeration for emphasis?  Hyperbole

Game 240429F
Game Date: Monday, April 29. 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Tony award winning singer/actress Cynthia Erivo, is starring as what character in the upcoming film Wicked: Part 1?  Elphaba (the Wicked Witch of the West)
Sam's Town and Battle Born are albums by what US group?  The Killers
The chief executive of what company announced last month that he would resign, after months of pressure from customers and federal regulators?  Boeing
What is the name of the primary antagonist in the Star Wars film series, who is also known as Darth Sidious?  Emperor (Sheev) Palpatine
N.C. State, along with what other university, had teams in both the women’s and the men’s N.C.A.A. Final Four this season?  UConn
In the 1994 animated film The Lion King, what is the name of Simba's father who tragically dies early in the story?  Mufasa
Last month, federal agents raided homes in Los Angeles and Miami Beach belonging to what musical artist?  P. Diddy
What actor has starred in Good Will Hunting, Gone Girl, and Armageddon?  Ben Affleck
"This ain’t a song for the broken-hearted" is the starting lyrics of a song by what group?  Bon Jovi
In the Pixar film, Monsters, Inc., in what city do Mike and Sulley live?  Monstropolis 



General Knowledge
The Palace of Versailles was built for the Royal house of what country?  France
What are the famously unreactive chemical elements on the far right of the periodic table called? Noble Gases
What device, introduced in 2001, does Wikipedia describe as "a two-wheeled, self-balancing personal transporter device invented by Dean Kamen"?  Segway 
In the classic version of the board game Monopoly, there are two types of cards that can be drawn – ‘chance’ and what other card?  Community Chest
Besides black or white, what other color makes up the Starbucks logo?  Green
What is the name of the waterway between England and France?  English Channel
In terms of baseball score keeping, what number is given to the first baseman?  3
Robert Bunsen introduced what piece of laboratory equipment in 1855?  Bunsen Burner
What breed of dog is associated with the Queen of England?  Corgi
In what US state could you visit the Kennedy Space Center?  Florida
Former member of The Beatles, what is Ringo Starr's real first name?  Richard

Bonus Round
Backed by the Bad Seeds, what Australian singer-songwriter has released such acclaimed albums as From Her to Eternity and The Good Son?  Nick Cave
Antioch and Ephesus are ancient cities in what modern day country?  Turkey
Hirsutism is a condition in women that results in excessive what?  Hair Growth
Debuting in the Star Trek episode called “The Man Trap” in 1966, what fictional handheld device is capable of performing environmental scans, data recording, and data analysis?  Tricorder 
"Oh! This was the happiest day of my life!" wrote Queen Victoria in an 1840 diary entry detailing her wedding to what man?  Prince Albert  
Malpensa Airport serves what Italian city?  Milan
What US President was in office when Illinois achieved its statehood?  James Monroe
What magician has a daughter named Moxie CrimeFighter?  Penn (of Penn and Teller)
In medical terms, what does the suffix "-cyte" mean?  Cell
What war lasted from 1980-1988?  The Iran-Iraq War


Game 240430F
Game Date: Tuesday, April 30, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What 2005 Jodie Foster movie is about a woman losing her daughter on a plane?  Flightplan
UConn, along with what other university, had teams in both the women’s and the men’s N.C.A.A. Final Four this season?  N.C. State
What former famous Hollywood couple starred together in the 2005 film Mr. & Mrs. Smith before becoming romantically involved?  Brad Pitt & Angelina Jolie
In the 2003 animated film Finding Nemo, what type of fish is Nemo?  Clownfish
What character was known as the "Mother of Dragons" in the TV series Game of Thrones?                              Daenerys Targaryen aka Khalisee 
In the Pixar film, Coco, Miguel's family does not believe in music and instead wishes him to go into what family business?  Shoe Making
What Australian-born singer-songwriter won a Grammy for ‘Best Male Rock Vocal Performance’ for the song “Jessie's Girl”?  Rick Springfield
What sport is featured in the movie Cool Runnings?  Bobsledding
Joe Lieberman, the former U.S. senator from Connecticut, died this month at the age of 82. Running alongside Al Gore, what election was he a nominee for Vice President?  2000
What actor has starred in ‘O Brother, Where Art Thou’, ‘Gravity’, and ‘The Perfect Storm’?  George Clooney



General Knowledge
The best-selling video game of all time goes to what timeless classic?  Tetris
What is the only country in Europe to border Portugal?  Spain
In the human body, the adrenal glands are found close to what organ?  Kidneys
On the periodic table of elements, Chlorine, Fluorine, and Iodine are members of what group? Halogen 
In the board game Monopoly, there are several ways to ‘get out of jail’.  If a player chooses to roll the die, what do they need to roll in order to gain freedom?  Doubles
Besides black or white, what other color makes up the Hulu logo?  Green
The most popular brand of cream cheese in the United States is named after what city?  Philadelphia
In term of baseball score keeping, what number is given to the catcher?  2
Legends from the 12th century about what English king contain some of the very first literary references to the Holy Grail?  King Arthur
What term is used to describe “fake” or “false” science?  Pseudoscience 
With the last name Gumble, who is Homer's best friend in The Simpsons?  Barney


Bonus Round
What US President signed the 1964 US Civil Rights bill?  Lyndon B. Johnson
What is the name of the virtual reality headset which was acquired by Facebook in 2014?  Oculus Rift 
Who was the Persian king that Alexander the Great defeated at the Battle of Issus in 333 BC? Darius III
The Kowloon Peninsula is a part of what major city?  Hong Kong
Who is known as ‘The Father of Genetics’?  Gregor Mendel
The duodenum is part of what internal organ?  Small Intestine
Brian May, a member of the rock band Queen, has a PhD in what subject?  Astrophysics
Ursus arctos horribilis is the taxonomic name for what animal?  Grizzly Bear
The element Sulfur is what color at room temperature?  Yellow 
What famous writer said, “Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo”?  H.G. Wells


Game 240501F
Game Date: Wednesday, May 1, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, what is the name of Tony Stark's loyal AI assistant who later becomes the superhero, Vision? J.A.R.V.I.S. 
“Chandelier” was a hit in 2014 for what Australian singer-songwriter?  Sia 
Ukraine lowered its minimum conscription age this month from 27 years old. What is the minimum age now?  25
What is the name of the coffee shop where the main characters often hang out in the TV show F.R.I.E.N.D.S?    Central Perk 
What was the alter ego introduced by Beyonce, in conjunction with her third studio album?  Sasha Fierce
What actor has starred in Good Will Hunting, The Martian, and The Bourne Identity?  Matt Damon
Which auto company experienced a decline in electric car sales during the first quarter of 2024, marking its first sales dip since the pandemic?  Tesla
Shohei Ohtani, the Los Angeles Dodgers star, accused his translator of stealing around $5 million from him to pay for what?  Gambling Debt / Sports Betting
In the Pixar film, Cars, Lightning McQueen finds himself stuck in what town?  Radiator Springs
What singer is starring as Glinda in the upcoming film Wicked: Part 1?  Ariana Grande





General Knowledge
Someone with insomnia has problems doing what?  Sleeping
In term of baseball score keeping, what position number is associated with the second baseman?  4
What iconic American soup brand did Andy Warhol famously depict in his artwork?  Campbell's Soup 
Founded by Nick Woodman, what company is known for its line of action cameras popular among extreme sports enthusiasts?  GoPro 
What was the first commercially successful video game?  Pong
What country lies between Greenland and the UK?  Iceland
The Kraken is a creature belonging to what mythology?  Norse
In the board game Monopoly, there are several ways to ‘get out of jail’.  If the player chooses to pay the fine, how much would they pay?  $50.00
Besides black or white, what other color makes up the Lyft logo?  Pink
The gravitational effect of what celestial body affects the tides?  The Moon

What is the first name of Claire and Jamie's daughter in the drama series Outlander?  Brianna

Bonus Round
A verruca is a wart growing on what part of the body?  Foot
Taking place in 1862, the first Cinco de Mayo celebrated Mexico's victory in the battle of Puebla, over what country?  France
What version of the Apple Watch introduced the ability to measure blood oxygen levels?  6
On January 14, 1954, Marilyn Monroe and Joe DiMaggio eloped and got married at the city hall of what major U.S. city?  San Francisco 
"There's no bathroom, and there is no sink. The water out of the tap is very hard to drink." these are lyrics from the song “Tomorrow” by what band?  Silverchair
The UK's National Gallery is located on what London Square?  Trafalgar
Malala Yousafzai, the youngest Nobel Prize laureate, championed the right of girls to education in what country?  Pakistan
What President served the longest term in the 1920s?  Calvin Coolidge
Who fought the Battle of Marathon against the Greeks?  Persia
In what year did singer, Björk, wear a swan ensemble and pretend to lay an egg on the Oscars red carpet?  2001




Game 240502F
Game Date: Thursday, May 2, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What Australian singer had a big comeback hit in 2001 with the dance-pop song “Can't Get You Out of My Head”? Kylie Minogue 
In the 80’s series, The Wonder Years, what was Kevin's surname?  Arnold
Who directed the film adaptation of the novel The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring?  Peter Jackson 
What is the name of the protagonist in The Hunger Games trilogy, who volunteers as tribute for her sister Primrose?  Katniss Everdeen 
What city’s Symphony Orchestra recently selected young superstar, Klaus Mäkelä, to be its next music director?  Chicago
President Biden announced last month that his administration planned to give $8.5 billion in grants to what American company?  Intel
In the Pixar film Up, what is the name of talking dog?  Dug
What K-pop superstar, famous for Gangnam Style, also duetted Snoop Dogg in the less famous “Hangover”? PSY
What men’s college basketball team, which won last year’s championship, is the overall No. 1 seed in this year’s N.C.A.A. tournament?  Uconn Huskies
What actor has starred in The Shawshank Redemption, Bruce Almighty, and Going in Style?  Morgan Freeman

General Knowledge
The saying goes, there is nothing more American than what dessert?  Apple Pie
In the classic version of the board game Monopoly, there are two types of cards that can be drawn – ‘community chest’ and what other card?  Chance
Besides black or white, what other color makes up the Netflix logo?  Red
What gas is released by plants as a product of photosynthesis? Oxygen (O2) 
In term of baseball score keeping, what number is given to the pitcher?  1
"Raising the Flag on Iwo Jima" is a photograph of an event in what conflict?  WWII
In what region of the human body would you find the bones known as the Sacrum, Ilium, and Pubis? Pelvis
Acupuncture is a form of alternative medicine using what?  Needles
Which of the following car manufacturers is not a Japanese brand: Mazda, Subaru, Honda, or Saab?  Saab (Swedish)
 True or False? Sodium and Potassium are in the “Alkali Metals” group on the periodic table? True
What is the job of Ted Mullens in the TV series Schitt's Creek?  Veterinarian

Bonus Round
From what bean is ricin extracted?  Castor
What was the name of President Andres Pastrana Arango's 2000 anti drug idea?  Plan Colombia
Cinco de Mayo is a holiday that celebrates Mexico's victory over France in the battle of Puebla.  In what decade did this take place?  1860s
What is the name of the humanoid robot, also known as the Tesla Bot, introduced by Tesla, Inc. at their 2021 AI event?  Optimus 
What President served the longest term in the 1870s?  Ulysses Grant
Phuket is the biggest island in what country?  Thailand
In what year did Lady Gaga wear the controversial meat dress at the MTV Video Music Awards?  2010
HM Maze was a prison in what part of the UK?  Northern Ireland
Paul McCartney was married to whom in 1969?  Linda Eastman
The European Space Operations Centre, aka mission control, is located in what German city?  Darmstadt




Game 240505F
Game Date: Sunday, May 5, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What heavy metal band filed a lawsuit against the file sharing service Napster on April 13, 2000?  Metallica
Actor James McAvoy comes from what country?  Scotland
Scheduled for release on Valentine's day 2025, what is the title of the next film in the Captain America franchise?
What is the name of the Sesame Street numerical vampire?  Count Von Count
What lead singer, of the rock band Hole, earned a Golden Globe nomination for her performance in the movie The People vs. Larry Flynt?  Courtney Love
What American singer is nicknamed "The Piano Man"?  Billy Joel
The TV series, The Wire, is set in what U.S city?  Baltimore
Famous for her time on television in 'LA Ink', who was the founder of the cosmetics brand ‘KVD Vegan Beauty’? Kat Von D
What is the name of the album released by Taylor Swift on April 19th, 2024? The Tortured Poets Department
Who was the author of the books featuring “Winnie the Pooh”, later adapted by Disney? A. A. Milne

General Knowledge
McIntosh is a variety of what fruit?  Apple
Also meaning "responsibility“, what is a 4-letter word for a “disagreeable obligation or burden”?  Onus
Long Island is due east of what major U.S city?  New York City
In the old saying, what is thicker than water?  Blood
In all 50 U.S states, the law requires that the brake lights on a vehicle are what color?  Red
What radioactive element on the periodic table has an atomic number of 84 and is represented by the symbol “Po”? Polonium
In Greek myths, Pegasus was what flying animal?  Horse
On April 6, 1992, what U.S. president threw out the first ever ceremonial opening pitch at Oriole Park at Camden Yards?  George H.W. Bush
Knights used what weapon for jousting?  Lance
John, Matthew, Mark and _______ make up the four New Testament gospels?  Luke

What artist's real name is Melissa Jefferson?  Lizzo

Bonus Round
On January 14, 1972, Margrethe II was crowned Queen of what European country?  Denmark
What U.S. president signed Mother’s Day into law?  Woodrow Wilson
What cobra species is the world's longest venomous snake, regularly reaching lengths of 10 to 13 feet?  King Cobra
What is the fourth longest bone in the human body?  Humerus 
In what U.S city was the first Gap store opened?  San Francisco
What name comes before "The Confessor" for the name of a medieval English king?  Edward
In mathematics, the golden ratio is represented by what Greek letter?  Phi
The Green Pitcher Plant is native to what region of the United States?  Southeast
Salsa Borracha is referred to as what in English?  Drunk Salsa
Ricky Whittle is a British actor who played what character in Hollyoaks?  Calvin Valentine

Game 240506F
Game Date: Monday, May 6, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
The 2017 Baywatch movie was set in what US state?  Florida
Who made their fifth appearance as host of Saturday Night Live on April 6th, joining the ranks of the "Five-Timers Club" in a star-studded episode?  Kristen Wiig
Timothy Q Mouse is the friend of what Disney character?  Dumbo
What singer, known for songs such as “Crazy” and “I Fall to Pieces”, was posthumously inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1973?  Patsy Cline
What film, starring Jake Gyllenhaal and Conor McGregor, set a new record for Prime Video with 50 million views in its first two weekends?  Road House
What comedy-drama TV series was set on Wisteria Lane in the fictional town of Fairview?  Desperate Housewives
What 1992 song by Nirvana is the namesake of the Sirius XM radio channel dedicated to '90s grunge and alternative rock?  Lithium 
What group had a novelty hit with "Who Let the Dogs Out"?  Baha Men
On March 26th, Robert Kennedy Jr. officially chose what technologist and attorney as his running mate for the U.S. presidential election?  Nicole Shanahan 
Who featured on Taylor Swift’s single "Bad Blood” and reprised his role on her re-release of “Taylor’s Version”?  Kendrick Lamar


General Knowledge
What month of the year has emerald as its birthstone?  May
Also the principal author of the Declaration of Independence, who was the third president of the United States?        Thomas Jefferson
What New York Yankees player broke the single-season home run record for rookies in 2017?  Aaron Judge 
What Russian ruler was nicknamed "the Terrible"?  Ivan
What '90s plush toy line includes ‘Patti the Platypus’ and ‘Chocolate the Moose’ among its original nine characters?  Beanie Babies 
First published in 1855, Leaves of Grass was a poetry collection by what American poet?  Walt Whitman 
What is the name of the large muscle found under the lungs?  Diaphragm
Bartlett and Anjou are varieties of what fruit?  Pear
Trail's End” is a specially-made brand of popcorn sold as a fundraiser for what youth organization?                           Boy Scouts (of America)
What is the term for a positively charged particle found in the nucleus of an atom? Proton

Who was featured on Charlie Puth’s hit song "We Don't Talk Any More"?  Selena Gomez

Bonus Round
Europe's most southerly mainland point, the Punta de Tarifa, is located in what country?  Spain
What Swedish boxer and heavyweight champion was Sports Illustrated's ‘Sportsperson of the Year’ in 1959?          Ingemar Johansson
What Federal Reserve Chairman was awarded ‘Time Magazine’s Person of the Year’ in 2009?  Ben Bernanke
Along with capers, Tapenade has what other main ingredient?  Olives
Who married British Royal family member Prince Andrew in 1986?  Sarah Ferguson
What short word term is used for the dots on a domino?  Pip
Doctor Coppélius is a character in what ballet?  Coppélia
What is the highest aristocratic title in British nobility?  Duke
The Montgolfier brothers launched the first what in 1783?  Hot Air Balloon
What is the capital of the South American country, Venezuela?  Caracas




Game 240507F
Game Date: Tuesday, May 7, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who helps Will Smith avoid capture in the 1998 movie Enemy of the State?  Gene Hackman
What television series finale, which aired recently on April 8th, revisited and "fixed" the controversial ending of Seinfeld?     Curb Your Enthusiasm 
Who made his film debut in 1981's Endless Love but became a star with his breakthrough performance in Risky Business?  Tom Cruise
Off the album 1989, who had a hit with "Wildest Dreams" in 2015?  Taylor Swift
The first video to reach one million views on YouTube was an advertisement for what athletic apparel brand?  Nike
What recently retired NFL center teamed up with Lane Johnson at WrestleMania 40 to help Rey Mysterio and Andrade win?  Jason Kelce
Running from 2007 to 2012, what actress was the title star of the Nickelodeon series iCarly?  Miranda Cosgrove
What fast-food chain recently announced a partnership to sell Krispy Kreme Doughnuts nationwide by the end of 2026?  McDonald's 
Get Your Wings and Rocks were albums by what rock group?  Aerosmith
What animated series follows the restaurant-owning Belcher family?  Bob’s Burgers


General Knowledge
The technical term is third molars, but what do we commonly call them?  Wisdom Teeth
What '90s plush toy line includes ‘Legs the Frog’ and ‘Brownie the Bear’ among its original nine characters?        Beanie Babies 
What NHL team won three Stanley Cups in the 2010s; they won in 2010, 2013, and 2015?  Chicago Blackhawks 
The path a celestial object takes around a star is called its what?  Orbit
In 1853, who founded the first company to manufacture blue jeans?  Levi Strauss
After considering walking away from football only two years prior, who was named the MVP in the Philadelphia Eagles' first Super Bowl win in 2018? Nick Foles
The medical term for holding a belief that is clearly false is called a what?  Delusion
After serving as George Washington’s vice president, who became the second president of the United States?       John Adams
What type of sauce is usually drizzled over the top of a profiterole?  Chocolate
In psychoanalytic theory, what word does Freud use to describe the impulsive part of a personality?  Id

Who sang with Ed Sheeran on the song "Antisocial"?  Travis Scott

Bonus Round
What precious stone marks 40 years of marriage?  Ruby
In The Hunger Games film, what is the name of the berries that Katniss and Peeta threaten to eat after the game makers try to go back on their word to let two tributes win?  Nightlock 
U.S. Navy personnel qualified to work aboard submarines wear a breast pin featuring what marine creature?     Dolphin Fish aka Mahi-Mahi
What is the lowest aristocratic title in British nobility?  Baron
Spanish artist Salvador Dalí believed he was a reincarnation of who?  His brother
What is the capital of the South American country, Paraguay?  Asunción
Nearly one-third of China's 1.4 billion residents live in the drainage basin of what major river?  Yangtze River
On November 24, 1963, who killed Lee Harvey Oswald, just two days after the death of President John F. Kennedy?  Jack Ruby
Who won the Super Bowl played in 1976 at the Orange Bowl in Miami, Florida?  Pittsburgh Steelers
Serving as the primary energy currency of living cells, what does ATP stand for? Adenosine Triphosphate


Game 240508F
Game Date: Wednesday, May 8, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What heavy metal trio, led by Lemmy on bass guitar, released the album Ace of Spades in 1980?  Motorhead 
What league, founded by Ice Cube and composed of former NBA players, recently made a $5 million offer to college basketball superstar Caitlin Clark?  Big3
The TV series Outlander is set in what European country?  Scotland
What insect species is expected to swarm the U.S. in trillions for the first time in 221 years, as per a 2024 forecast?  Cicadas 
What telecommunications company recently confirmed a data leak that potentially exposed the personal information of over 73 million current and former customers on the dark web?  AT&T
Pisces, Aquarius, Capricorn & Jones Ltd was an album by what 60’s group?  The Monkees
A 2004 novel by Jeff Lindsay inspired what Showtime series about a forensic technician moonlighting as a serial killer?  Dexter 
ZZ Top won the 1984 MTV Video Music Award for ‘Best Group Video’ for what song?  Legs 
The story of what Notre Dame linebacker's fake girlfriend drew significant media attention and public scrutiny in 2013?  Manti Te'o 
What character sings "Over the Rainbow" in the 1939 movie musical Wizard of Oz?  Dorothy


General Knowledge
What cooking measurement is the same as 5ml?  Teaspoon
The Zimmermann telegram was a famous 1917 communication from Germany to what country?  Mexico
What MLB team won the World Series in 2016, ending a 108-year championship drought?  Chicago Cubs 
What '90s plush toy line includes ‘Flash the Dolphin’ and ‘Splash the Whale’ among its original nine characters?  Beanie Babies 
Neapolitan ice cream, also sometimes called Harlequin ice cream, is most commonly made up of what three flavors?                   Vanilla, Chocolate, and Strawberry
What vital temporary organ formed during pregnancy provides nutrition to an unborn baby?  Placenta
In psychoanalytic theory, what word does Freud use to describe the ethical component of the personality that provides the moral standards by which the ego operates?  Super Ego
What juice is added to vodka to make a screwdriver cocktail?  Orange Juice
Who was the fifth president of the United States?  James Monroe
With methods ranging from Carbon-14 in archaeology to Uranium-Lead in geology, what process is used to determine the age of items like ancient bones and rocks? Dating
Who sang the theme song for the film Fame?  Irene Cara

Bonus Round
How many named dwarf planets does our solar system have?  5
What is the capital of the South American country, Guyana?  Georgetown
With which Indian city was Mother Teresa most associated?  Calcutta
The Plague of Justinian was a 6th-century pandemic that killed roughly 40% of the population of what capital city of the Byzantine Empire?  Constantinople 
William H Bonney was a pseudonym of what outlaw?  Billy the Kid
In the legend, the Pied Piper of Hamelin rid the town of what?  Rats
What former Prime Minister of Pakistan went into self-exile in Dubai in 1998, where she remained head of the Pakistan Peoples Party?  Benazir Bhutto 
What horse won the Triple Crown in 2015, an achievement that hadn't been done in 37 years?  American Pharoah 
What comes between Duke and Earl in the order of aristocratic titles in British nobility?  Marquess
What rapper announced he would be releasing a new track through the videogame Fortnite in April 2020?            Travis Scott


Game 240509F
Game Date: Thursday, May 9, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What number fills in the title of this Frances McDormand film: __________ Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri?  Three
In the 2010 animated film, Megamind, what actor voices the title character?  Will Ferrell
"How Am I Supposed to Live Without You" was a 1990 hit single for what artist?  Michael Bolton
As of April 2024, what is the new minimum wage per hour for fast food workers in chains with 60 or more locations in California?  $20 per hour
In the 1939 movie musical, The Wizard of Oz, what city was Dorothy looking for?  The Emerald City
What French luxury tycoon recently topped the Bloomberg Billionaires Index as the world's richest person, with a fortune valued at $230 billion?  Bernard Arnault
“A Moment Like This” was the first single released by what American Idol winner?  Kelly Clarkson
What country music artist won all three categories he was nominated for at the CMT Music Awards, including ‘Video of the Year’ for his song “Need a Favor”? Jelly Roll
The 1968 film Barbarella stars what actress in the leading role?  Jane Fonda
The 1980s US sitcom Cheers was set in what city?  Boston








General Knowledge
What Arizona senator traveled the country in a bus called the "Straight Talk Express" during his 2000 presidential campaign?  John McCain 
What is the term for the dome-shaped, outermost layer of the human eye?  Cornea
What '90s plush toy line includes ‘Spot the Dog’ and ‘Pinchers the Lobster’ among its original nine characters?    Beanie Babies 
What 1996 game by Hasbro challenges players with the commands "Twist it!" and "Pull it!" among its three core instructions?  Bop It 
The HPV virus is most commonly linked to what type of cancer?  Cervical
Known as the ‘The Father of the Constitution’, who was the fourth President of the United States?  James Madison
Tiger Woods won which of the four PGA Majors in 2019 to complete his epic comeback in the world of golf?  The Masters 
What undefeated boxer extended his record to 50-0 by defeating former UFC champion Conor McGregor in a highly publicized 2017 fight?  Floyd Mayweather
Sunny, Almera, and Pulsar are all models from what car maker?  Nissan
In 2013, what Denver Broncos kicker set the record for the longest field goal at 64 yards?  Matt Prater 


Who plays the Godmother in the TV series Fleabag's?  Olivia Colman

Bonus Round
The Vedas are the holy books of what religion?  Hinduism
What term is given to the feces of bats?  Guano
Who controversially 'went electric' at the 1965 Newport Folk Festival?  Bob Dylan
SPELLING COUNTS: Spell out the full-name of the ‘T’ in the dinosaur, T-Rex.  Answer: Tyrannosaurus
What director of the FBI secretly launched the controversial COINTELPRO project in 1956?  J. Edgar Hoover
How many strikeouts did Hank Aaron have during the 1958 MLB regular season with the Braves:                                 A) 49  B) 53  C ) 66  D) 80?  Answer: A) 49
Along with maple, what other tree is used to make a sweetened syrup?  Birch
The NASA spacecraft Messenger first arrived at what planet in 2008?  Mercury
What comes between Baron and Earl in the order of aristocratic titles in British nobility?  Viscount
What is the capital of the South American country, Argentina?  Buenos Aires




Game 240512F
Game Date: Sunday, May 12, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What 1984 film starred Prince as a musician named ‘The Kid’?  Purple Rain
What black fabric was a 90’s hit for Alannah Myles?  Velvet
What Canadian singer-songwriter had a number one hit with the song Complicated in 2002?  Avril Lavigne
How many seasons of Netflix’s show Stranger Things have been released?  Four
What color was the name of the first big hit for Coldplay?  Yellow
Who will be playing the role of “The Wizard” in the upcoming Wicked movies? Jeff Goldblum
What actress played the title role in the TV show Buffy the Vampire Slayer?  Sarah Michelle Gellar
"If I Were a Rich Man" is a song from what movie & Broadway show?  Fiddler on the Roof
What was the name of Ron Howard's character in the TV series Happy Days?  Richie Cunningham
Who is the author of romance novels such as Verity, Slammed, and Hopeless? Colleen Hoover


General Knowledge
Madison is the capital of what U.S state?  Wisconsin
What MLB franchise plays its home games at Tropicana Field?  Tampa Bay Rays
What gas is used to fill balloons and make them float?  Helium
What name is given to an angle between 90 and 180 degrees?  Obtuse
What term is given to the pair of soft tissue masses located at the rear of the throat (below the adenoids); often removed during childhood?  Tonsils
Written Morse Code is made up of dots and what other symbol?  Dashes
What car part is known in some parts of the world as the ‘cubby-hole’ or the ‘jockey box’?  Glove Compartment
Four teams make up the NFL’s NFC North Division: the Chicago Bears, Detroit Lions, Minnesota Vikings, and what other team?  Green Bay Packers
In America, a “Moon Pie” is a pastry filled with what?  Marshmallow
In the U.S, Memorial Day is always celebrated in what month of the year?  May
What Netflix TV series features a dysfunctional family of adopted sibling superheroes?  The Umbrella Academy

Bonus Round
Royal jelly comes from what creatures?  Bees
The July 1, 1946, cover of Time magazine depicted what man with the caption, "All matter is speed and flame"?    Albert Einstein
Marco Polo was from what Italian city?  Venice
The first resident crew arrived at the International Space Station in what year?  2000
Salopettes are often worn to take part in what type of sport?  Snow Sports (specifically Skiing)
What TV presenter broke the world record for ‘fastest time to reach 1 million followers on Instagram’ in 2020?     David Attenborough
What car manufacturer joined forces with Daimler-Benz in 1998?  Chrysler
What volcano erupted in the Philippines in 1991?  Mount Pinatubo
Cochinita Pibil is slow roasted pork marinated in what juices?  Citrus
The Synthetic Diamond was invented by who?  Tracy Hall

Game 240513F
Game Date: Monday, May 13, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Mojo Jojo is the villain from what Cartoon Network series?  The Powerpuff Girls
What West African coastal country recently elected Bassirou Diomaye Faye as president, who at age 44 is the youngest African President ever elected?  Senegal
Three Halliwell sisters discover that they are descendants of a line of good female witches in what 90s TV show?  Charmed
According to IMDb, what was the top grossing animated movie (world-wide) of the 1990s?  The Lion King
What actress and businesswoman recently stepped down as the Chief Creative Officer of The Honest Company, which she co-founded?  Jessica Alba
What Disney animated movie features a character named Baymax?  Big Hero 6
The 2017 autopsy of what former Patriot’s tight end revealed that he had advanced Chronic Traumatic Encephalopathy (CTE)? Aaron Hernandez 
Which Spice Girl was known for wearing a Union Jack dress?  Ginger Spice (aka Geri Halliwell)
During a recent state visit, Prime Minister Fumio Kishida of what country visited US President Joe Biden at the White House?  Japan 
What comes after "21" in the name of a famous rapper?  Savage





General Knowledge
In 1963, the Pro Football Hall of Fame opened in what US state?  Ohio
Because it increases activity in the brain and nervous system, caffeine is categorized as what kind of drug?  Stimulant
The Voodoo Experience is a multi-day music & arts festival hosted annually in what US city?  New Orleans 
What ancient Egyptian pharaoh's tomb, discovered nearly intact in 1922, ignited worldwide interest in archaeology?  King Tut (Tutankhamun)
What type of bird is shown on the labels of Yuengling beer?  Bald eagle 
Of the "Big 4" sports leagues, what league has the lowest generated annual revenue according to Wikipedia?  NHL
In math, finding the quotient indicates what basic operation?  Division
What Italian city was the cultural center of the Renaissance period?  Florence
The ram is the symbol of what sign of the zodiac?  Aries
Cinco, cinq, and fünf are all different ways of saying what number?  5


Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr. is the real name of what rapper?  Snoop Dogg

Bonus Round
What artist's studio was known as "The Factory"?  Andy Warhol
What bird is the national animal of France?  Rooster
The Moscow Kremlin Museum in Russia is home to the wedding dress worn by what Russian empress at her 1745 wedding to Peter III?  Catherine the Great 
Put the following three rom-coms in chronological order of release, first to most recent: Bridget Jones’s Diary, Something's Gotta Give, & Notting Hill.  Answer: Notting Hill, Bridget Jones’s Diary, & Something’s Gotta Give
What President of Egypt was assassinated on October 6, 1981?  Anwar Sadat 
In what decade was the controversial US-based magazine, Hustler, first published?  1970s
What fruit would you pick from a Mirabelle tree?  Plum
What 60s/70s musician named his children Moon Unit and Dweezil?  Frank Zappa
What was the name of the US economic plan to rebuild Europe after the Second World War?  The Marshall Plan
Drafted by the Minnesota Vikings, who was picked first in the 1961 NFL Draft?  Tommy Mason



Game 240514F
Game Date: Tuesday, May 14, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What former South African President was recently cleared to run in South Africa's election after a court reversed a ban linked to his contempt conviction?  Jacob Zuma 
A "Strippers Bill of Rights" was signed into law in what state this past March 25th?  Washington
According to IMDb, what was the top grossing movie (world-wide) of the 1990s?  Titanic
What Cartoon Network series spawned The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy?  Grim & Evil
What iconic song by Derek and the Dominos was partially inspired by guitarist Eric Clapton's unrequited love for the wife of his best friend, George Harrison?  Layla
What type of animal is the sidekick to Asha in Disney’s newest animated film Wish?  Goat
As per the recently released trailer, who plays a new version of Harley Quinn in the upcoming movie Joker: Folie à Deux?  Lady Gaga
What company's engineer and whistleblower, Sam Salehpour, recently indicated there were safety shortcuts in the assembly process of over 1,000 planes?  Boeing 
The Freddie Mercury Tribute Concert raised millions of dollars for what public-health cause?  AIDS Awareness
Mother Mary comes to the Beatles in the lyrics of what song?  Let It Be



General Knowledge
What is the main organ affected by tuberculosis?  Lungs
In math, finding the sum indicates what basic operation?  Addition
Since 1956, what fast food brand has said "It's Finger Lickin' Good"?  KFC
On November 20, 1947, the future Queen Elizabeth II married Philip Mountbatten at what famous London church?  Westminster Abbey 
Of the "Big 4" sports leagues, what league has the highest generated annual revenue according to Wikipedia?  NFL
In what location was the first Disney park located?  California
What car company's founder pioneered assembly lines in factories?  Henry Ford
What gas forces the cork out of a champagne bottle?  Carbon Dioxide
Orzo is a variety of what type of food?  Pasta
Meaning “three-horned face”, what dinosaur gets its name from its three horns, one of which is located on its nose?  Triceratops

Aubrey Drake Graham is the real name of what rapper?  Drake

Bonus Round
Who turned down the title role in the film Jerry Maguire so he could finish work on his directorial debut, That Thing You Do!?  Tom Hanks
Cardinal Joseph Fesch performed the December 1, 1804, wedding ceremony between Joséphine de Beauharnais and what French leader?  Napoleon Bonapart
Who famously attempted to steal the Crown Jewels from the Tower of London in 1671 and was surprisingly pardoned later by King Charles II?  Colonel (Thomas) Blood
On February 20, 1962, what astronaut became the first American to orbit the Earth?  John Glenn
In physics, what could be of incidence, of reflection, or of refraction?  Angles
Tripoli is the capital of what North African country?  Libya
In 1984, this politician was Walter Mondale's running mate, making her the first female vice-presidential nominee representing a major American political party?  Geraldine Ferarro
Ferdinand Kubler won the Tour de France in what decade?  1950s
Alkane chemicals are made from hydrogen and what other element?  Carbon
What type of geographic feature is called 'Styx' in Greek mythology?  A river






Game 240515F
Game Date: Wednesday, May 15, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Alongside Amanda Seyfried and Pierce Brosnan, who starred as Donna in the 2008 movie Mamma Mia?  Meryl Streep
It was recently announced that the 2024 NFL Hall of Fame game to be played on August 1st will feature the Houston Texans playing against what NFC North team?  The Chicago Bears
What Cartoon Network dog is owned by Muriel and Eustace?  Courage
According to IMDb, what was the second highest grossing movie (world-wide) of the 1990s?  Hint: It was released in 1993.  Answer: Jurassic Park
What celebrity chef's London pub was recently overtaken by squatters threatening legal action if evicted?           Gordon Ramsay 
What is the name of the demigod who accompanies Moana on her journey in the Disney animated film Moana?  Maui
What ABC series was based on the Colombian telenovela Yo soy Betty, la fea?  Ugly Betty
What iconic Toyota SUV model announced a new version is coming in 2025 after nearly 15 years, featuring a hybrid engine for the first time?  4Runner 
Off the studio album Lover, who said in 2019 that "You Need To Calm Down"?  Taylor Swift
Who plays a child psychologist in the 1999 movie The Sixth Sense?  Bruce Willis


General Knowledge
What flower is the national symbol of England?  Rose
What waxy, fat-like deposits found in the blood can be dangerous?  Cholesterol
According to legend, what Roman general gave Turkey’s ‘Turquoise Coast’ to Cleopatra as a wedding present in 32 BC?  Mark Antony
Popular in the late '90s, the toys known as Tech Decks involved users "riding" what type of transport with their fingers?  Skateboards
Of the "Big 4" sports leagues, what league has the third highest generated annual revenue according to Wikipedia?  NBA
In math, finding the difference indicates what basic operation?  Subtraction
What gemstone is actually fossilized tree sap?  Amber
What board game features 24 narrow triangles on its playing board?  Backgammon
What type of fish is smoked to make a kipper?  Herring
Siete, sept, and sette are all different ways of saying what number?  7

Austin Richard Post is the real name of what rapper?  Post Malone

Bonus Round
What native American group calls itself Haudenosaunee or "People of the Longhouse"?  Iroquois
What is the name of the Hindi festival of colors that marks the reawakening of spring?  Holi
What was Garth Brooks short-lived alter ego in 1999, an emo rocker who did have a ‘Top 5’ hit with the song “Lost in You”?  Chris Gaines
Who is the renowned artist whose painting Poppy Flowers was stolen from an Egyptian museum in 2010?         Vincent van Gogh 
George McGill received US patent #56,587 for “small, bendable paper fasteners”, otherwise known as the stapler, in what decade?  1860s
What fruit is commonly found in the British dessert known as Eton mess, typically made from meringue and whipped cream?  Strawberries
What fashion designer created the post-WWII "New Look"?  Christian Dior
A transient ischaemic attack, or TIA is a less serious version of what condition?  Stroke
What planet has 80 known moons, including the four Galilean moons, and the Amalthea group? Jupiter
In 1967, who opened the first Walmart in Arkansas?  Sam Walton



Game 240516F
Game Date: Thursday, May 16, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
DeeDee is the sister of what Cartoon Network scientist?  Dexter
What band made a return at Coachella 2024, performing “Hella Good” as their opening song, nearly a decade after their last live performance?  No Doubt
For the first time in over 20 years, Trader Joe's raised the price of what fruit, marking a departure from its longstanding 19-cent deal?  Bananas 
In the Disney animated film The Princess and The Frog, what business does Tiana dream of opening?  Restaurant
Jenn Tran recently made history as the first Asian American woman to be the lead (in Season 21) of what ABC dating series?  The Bachelorette 
According to IMDb, what Star Wars film was the second highest grossing film (world-wide) of the 1990s?  Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace
Who played Indiana Jones' headstrong dad in "The Last Crusade"?  Sean Connery
At the age of 48, what golfer broke a Masters tournament record by recently making his 24th consecutive cut?       Tiger Woods 
Who had a famous 80’s hit about "Dancing on the Ceiling"?  Lionel Richie
During the 1990s, what character did Mayim Bialik play in a television series by the same name?  Blossom


General Knowledge
What natural stimulant is found in coffee and tea?  Caffeine
Besides English, what is the other official language of India? Hindi
Over 75% of Australia's forests are made up of what kind of tree, a favorite of the Koala?  Eucalyptus 
Of the "Big 4" sports leagues, what league has the second highest generated annual revenue according to Wikipedia?  MLB
In math, finding the “product” indicates what basic operation?  Multiplication
In what famous cemetery is former US President John F. Kennedy buried?  Arlington Cemetery 
What is the capital city of Libya? Tripoli
LASIK is an operation on what part of the body?  Eye
What term is given to both –273.15°C, and  –459.67°F?  Absolute Zero
Commonly used in plastics, what term describes a large molecule composed of many repeated subunits? Polymer


Marshall Bruce Mathers III is the real name of what rapper?  Eminem

Bonus Round
Escapologist Harry Houdini was born in what country?  Hungary
What US President signed the Civil Rights Act of 1964?  Lyndon B. Johnson
What is the name for the diamond in the front of the Imperial State Crown of England? Cullinan II
The national dish of the Cayman Islands is a stew made with the meat of what reptile?  Turtle 
The Dresden Green Diamond was among the items stolen in a 2019 heist in what country?  Germany 
Addison's disease affects what organ of the body?  Kidneys
Who succeeded Nelson Mandela as President of South Africa?  Thabo Mbeki
The cross of what saint is represented on the flag of Scotland?  St. Andrew 
When translated into English, what does the Spanish word “zapatero” mean? Shoemaker/Cobbler
The plutonium bomb that was dropped on Nagasaki on August 9th, 1945, went by what codename? Fat Man 


Game 240519F
Game Date: Sunday, May 19, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Since 1999, David Beckham has been married to Victoria Adams, better known as which member of the Spice Girls?  Posh Spice
In and out of the news since 2016, former adult film star Stephanie Clifford is better known by what name?         Stormy Daniels
Actress Gal Gadot is from what country?  Israel
The very first TV Guide cover of the 1980s featured caricatures of Alan Alda, Loretta Swit, and Jamie Farr for a cover story about what TV series?  M*A*S*H
Talent show The Masked Singer originated in what Asian country?  South Korea
In 2012, David Letterman received a Kennedy Center Honor.  Five years later, the Kennedy Center presented him with what prize "for American Humor"?  Mark Twain Prize
In the video game series, Grand Theft Auto, what do they call the city that mirrors New York City?  Liberty City
In what year was English singer-songwriter, Ed Sheeran, born?  1991
For the first time in its history, what North American country grew in population by more than a million people in 2022… mostly asylum seekers and refugees?  Canada
The author Dodie Smith wrote a book about 101 of what type of dog?  Dalmatians



General Knowledge
What word represents the letter ‘K’ in the NATO phonetic alphabet?  Kilo
NASA's final Apollo moon landing mission was in what year?  A) 1972  B) 1974  C) 1976  Answer: A) 1972
Springfield is the capital of what U.S state?  Illinois
At Starbucks, what drink size comes in at 8 fluid ounces, between Demi and Tall?  Short
In office between 1901 and 1909, who was the 26th U.S President?  Theodore Roosevelt
The lowest temperature the vapor of a volatile liquid can be ignited at is called the what?  Flash Point
What type of birds did the U.S army stop using to carry messages in 1957?  Pigeons
What is the longest muscle in the human body?  Thigh
Pan Dulce is Spanish for what kind of bread?  Sweet
The antidepressant drug Prozac was introduced in what decade?  1980s


Who plays Dr. Wilbur Larch in the 1999 movie The Cider House Rules?  Michael Caine

Bonus Round
Haltiatunturi, a 4,300-foot-tall mountain, is what country’s highest point and sits upon its northwestern border with Norway?  Finland
What is the real last name of popular talk show host, Graham Norton?  Walker
The Akashi Kaikyō Bridge opened in what country in 1998, linking two major islands?  Japan
What was the name of the first UK motorway between London and Leeds?  The M1
What country mines most of the world's tin?  China
What type of tree is struck by lightning more than any other tree?  Oak
In terms of a room or container, the adjective Hermetic means what?  Air-tight
The UK was awarded a 99 year lease on what territory in 1898?  Hong Kong
In Charlotte Brontë's novel, which character is employed at Thornfield Hall as a governess for Mr. Rochester? Jane Eyre
In 1519, what famous artist died at Amboise Castle in France?  Leonardo da Vinci


Game 240520F
Game Date: Monday, May 20, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
The 1999 film Angela's Ashes is set in what European country?  Ireland
What singer was "Born to Run” in the 1970s?  Bruce Springsteen
The 2024 Paris Olympic flame was recently lit at the ancient stadium in Olympia in what country?  Greece 
"It's a Man's Man's Man's World" was a hit for what artist?  James Brown
Lovesexy and Diamonds and Pearls were albums by what artist?  Prince
What sport does Riley play in the 2015 Pixar film Inside Out?  Hockey
What is the subtitle of the fourth Harry Potter film?  (and the) Goblet of Fire
Basketball phenom Caitlin Clarke was selected first overall in the recent 2024 WNBA draft by what team?           Indiana Fever 
What singer played Sean Parker in the 2010 film The Social Network?  Justin Timberlake
Rory, Christian, Shane, and Kieran are the fellow acting brothers of what Hollywood star?  Macaulay Culkin  




General Knowledge
LaGuardia Airport is located in which New York City borough?  Queens
What Charles Schulz comic strip debuted on October 2, 1950?  Peanuts
Shubat is a dairy product traditionally made by fermenting what ungulate's milk with a mix of bacterial cultures?  Camel
Who wrote the literary classic Pride and Prejudice in 1813?  Jane Austen
What is the capital of Minnesota?  Saint Paul
What chewy flavored nougat with a chocolate coating is produced in a yellow package with blue letters that are outlined in red?  Charleston Chew
What two divisions exist within the NFL?  American Football Conference (AFC) & National Football Conference (NFC)
The amount left over when a number cannot be divided exactly is known as the what?  Remainder
What is the name of the pleated skirt associated with Scottish men?  Kilt
Eggs are produced in what part of the human body?  Ovaries 

Who starred as Danny Ocean in the original 1960 movie Ocean's Eleven?  Frank Sinatra

Bonus Round
Gorm the Old was the first recognized monarch of what country?  Denmark
Boron, Silicon, Germanium, Arsenic, Antimony, Tellurium, and Polonium are all examples of what collective group on the Periodic Table?  Metalloids
In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, what is the name of the red Infinity Stone?  Reality Stone
Odontology is the study of what? Teeth
Located in Orlando, Florida, in what year did Hollywood Studios (then MGM) open at Disney World?  1989
Hermopolis was an important city in what civilization?  Egypt
What yellow flower is the national flower of Wales?  Daffodil
What musical has been showing at The Victoria Palace Theater in London since 2017?  Hamilton
On the first day that the Wright Brothers had a successful flight they made multiple runs – WITHIN THREE, how many seconds long was their final run that day, covering 852 feet?  56 – 62 seconds (exactly 59)
Colubridae is a family in what group of animals?  Snakes


Game 240521F
Game Date: Tuesday, May 21, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Automatic For the People was a 1992 album by what group?  R.E.M
"Like I'm Gonna Lose You" was a hit for Meghan Trainor featuring what other artist?  John Legend
Joanie loves Chachi is a 1980s spin-off from what 1970’s sitcom?  Happy Days
In the 1998 Pixar film A Bug’s Life, who is the leader of the food stealing grasshoppers?  Hopper
In what United Arab Emirates city did recent severe flooding occur, leading to speculation about the possible role of cloud seeding in the unprecedented weather event?  Dubai 
The famous scene with Demi Moore and a potter's wheel is from what 1990 movie?  Ghost
Ryan Gosling is married to what fellow Hollywood actress?  Eva Mendes 
What renowned filmmaker recently decided not to proceed with The Movie Critic as his final film project, surprising fans and industry insiders alike?  Quentin Tarantino
What is the subtitle of the sixth Harry Potter film?  (and the) Half-Blood Prince
What is the last name of acting siblings Emily and Zooey?  Deschanel

General Knowledge
What is the capital of Kansas?  Topeka
What painting by Leonardo da Vinci was stolen from the Louvre in 1911 and recovered two years later?                    The Mona Lisa
How many divisions exist in the NBA?  6
Historians generally identify the Middle Ages as beginning with the fall of what global empire?  Roman Empire
What Italian dessert involves layering coffee-soaked ladyfingers with a mascarpone cheese mixture?  Tiramisu
Who wrote the literary classic Moby Dick in 1851?  Herman Melville
In the human body, the ureters connect the bladder to each of what organ?  Kidneys
Shar-Pei is a breed of dog from what country?  China
Processed animal fat used to make soap and candles has what name?  Tallow
What bite-sized, “soft milk caramel covered with a candy coating” comes in a yellow box with red lettering?             Sugar Babies  




Who provides the voice of the macaw named Blu in the 2011 film Rio?  Jesse Eisenberg

Bonus Round
Larger than the planet Mercury,  what is the name of the largest moon in our solar system, which happens to orbit Jupiter?  Ganymede
What was the name of the report created by an American lawyer that served as the basis for the impeachment of Bill Clinton in the 1990s?  The Starr Report
Anemology is the study of what?  Wind
In 2014, Facebook purchased what company for $22 billion?  WhatsApp
Globovision was forced to pay a huge fine in 2013 to stay on air. It's the opposition station in what country?  Venezuela
Momofuku Ando invented what instant food?  Cup Noodles/Ramen
Lithium, Sodium, Potassium, Rubidium, Caesium, and Francium are all examples of what collective group on the Periodic Table?  Alkali Metals
In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, what is the name of the orange Infinity Stone?  Soul Stone
In 1400, Owain Glyndwr ("OH-wine GLIN-door“) proclaimed himself Prince of what country?  Wales
Located in Orlando, Florida, in what year did Animal Kingdom open at Disney World?  1998

Game 240522F
Game Date: Wednesday, May 22, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
"Baby Pluto" and "Lo Mein" were 2020 hits for what rapper?  Lil Uzi Vert
Although it was filmed on several Hawaiian islands, the fictional Island of Nublar from the Jurassic Park films is supposed to be located off the Pacific coast of what country?  Costa Rica
What 2015 Pixar film features an Apatosaurus named Arlo making an unlikely human friend?  The Good Dinosaur
What anti-wrinkle treatment was recently linked to a series of botulism-like cases due to counterfeit products being used, prompting a federal health investigation?  Botox 
What is the subtitle of the fifth Harry Potter film?  (and the) Order of the Phoenix
What is the last name of the famous acting brothers: Stephen, Daniel, Alec, and William?  Baldwin
What is the name of Taylor Swift's latest studio album, released on April 19th?  The Tortured Poets Department
What city in Denmark did the historic old stock exchange building, known for its dragon spire, recently suffer a devastating fire?  Copenhagen
What type of house was a hit for Ed Sheeran in 2011?  Lego
"Making your way in the world today takes everything you’ve got" is the opening line from the theme song for what 1980’s sitcom?  Cheers

General Knowledge
What two leagues exist within the MLB?  American & National
The Great Barrier Reef is made from what material?  Coral
What is the capital of Pennsylvania?  Harrisburg
What licorice flavored candy consists of bright pink and white capsules in a purple box?  Good & Plenty
What ancient text, famous for its "eye for an eye" philosophy, is one of the oldest deciphered writings in the world?   The Code of Hammurabi
What medical term is used for the removal of living tissue for examination?  Biopsy
Who wrote the literary classic Sense and Sensibility in 1811?  Jane Austen
John F. Kennedy airport is located in which New York City borough?  Queens
What cheese, available in a variety of ages for different strengths, takes its name from a small village in the Somerset region of England?  Cheddar
What is the longest nerve in the human body?  Sciatic Nerve





Who stars in the 2009 movie My Sister's Keeper as Sara Fitzgerald?  Cameron Diaz

Bonus Round
Besides scurry, what is the collective name for a group of squirrels?  Dray
On the first day that the Wright Brothers had a successful flight they made multiple runs – WITHIN THREE, how many seconds long was their first run that day, covering 120 feet?  9 – 15 seconds (exactly 12)
Eamon de Valera is a famous name in the politics of what country?  Ireland
In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, what is the name of the green Infinity Stone?  Time Stone
Fluorine, Chlorine, Bromine, Iodine, Astatine, and Tennessine are all examples of what collective group on the Periodic Table?  Halogens
Located in Orlando, Florida, in what year did Epcot (known then as the EPCOT Center) open at Disney World?  1982
Haab was the solar calendar in what civilization?  Mayan
In what decade did the infamous heist of the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston occur; two men dressed as police officers walked in during the parade and stole art valued at $500 million?  1990s
William Wallace is a 14th century folk hero from what country?  Scotland
What planet was discovered by Jean Joseph Le Verrier?  Neptune





Game 240523F
Game Date: Thursday, May 23, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
"Don't Cry For Me Argentina" is a song from what musical?  Evita
"I love it when a plan comes together" is a common phrase from what 80’s TV show?  The A-Team
The 1990s series Twin Peaks is set in what US state?  Washington
What Toronto Maple Leafs sharp-shooter finished the NHL regular season with 69 goals, the most ever for a Maple Leaf?  Auston Matthews
Shown on the googles that dropped into the ocean after Nemo’s disappearance, what number Wallaby Way did Marlin and Dory seek out in the Pixar film Finding Nemo?  42 
Julia Roberts starred opposite what actor in the 1990 movie Pretty Woman?  Richard Gere
What infamous Mexican drug lord recently had his request for phone calls and visits with his family denied by a federal judge in the Eastern District of New York?  Joaquin Guzman aka “El Chapo” 
What recent film features Zendaya as a former tennis champion who coaches her husband to compete against his former best friend and her ex-boyfriend?  The Challengers 
What is the last name of the famous acting brothers: Luke, Liam, and Chris?  Hemsworth
What is the subtitle of the second Harry Potter film?  (and the) Chamber of Secrets


General Knowledge
Bulletproof vests are most commonly made using what material?  Kevlar
What Italian city is the center of the country's fashion industry?  Milan
The Heart of the Ocean in the film Titanic was inspired by the real life Hope Diamond – both of which are what color?  Blue
What now-defunct MLB franchise was named for the world's fair held in Montreal in 1967?  Expos
“I like Ike" was the 1952 U.S presidential campaign slogan for what candidate?  Dwight D. Eisenhower
What Italian cheese's name translates to "recooked," referring to its production method?  Ricotta
What scientist wrote the three fundamental Laws of Motion?  (Sir Isaac) Newton
What is the capital of Iowa?  Des Moines
What is the name of the chocolate covered raisin candy that comes in a yellow box with red lettering?  Raisinets
How many divisions exist within the NFL?  8

Who starred as Alex in the TV series Quantico?  Priyanka Chopra

Bonus Round
Who wrote the literary classic The Count of Monte Cristo in 1845?  Alexandre Dumas 
Located in Orlando, Florida, in what year did Magic Kingdom open at Disney World?  1971
Hamilton and Tauranga are cities located in what country?  New Zealand
Beryllium, Magnesium, Calcium, Strontium, Barium, and Radium are all examples of what collective group on the Periodic Table?  Alkaline Metals
In the Marvel Cinematic Universe, what is the name of the blue Infinity Stone?  Space Stone
Wilberforce University was founded in what US state in 1856?  Ohio
John Hancock, the first signature on the Declaration of Independence, held what title when he signed?           President of Congress
Nob Hill is an affluent neighborhood of what US city?  San Francisco
Lonicera or woodbine is a plant with what common name?  Honeysuckle
What is the term for the process for removing salt from water?  Desalination 

Game 240526F
Game Date: Sunday, May 26, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Laura Palmer, Dale Cooper, and the Log Lady were characters on what early 90’s TV series co-created by David Lynch?  Twin Peaks
What is the name of Mufasa and Sarabi’s cub in Disney's animated film The Lion King?  Simba
In the video game series, Grand Theft Auto, what do they call the city that mirrors Los Angeles?  Los Santos
What pop group, known for the songs “Tragedy” and “Night Fever”, wrote the Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton duet “Islands in the Stream”?  The Bee Gees
In the film Black Panther, Ramonda is the Queen Mother of what fictional African country?  Wakanda
Which US governor recently requested a Presidential Disaster Declaration, following recent severe weather events and flooding in the Lone Star State? Greg Abbott 
In what year was American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift born?  1989
"It's Still Rock and Roll to Me" and "Tell Her About It" were hits for what musical artist?  Billy Joel
Which independent presidential candidate is the author of "Race Matters", and a renowned professor of philosophy? Cornel West
Who is the author of the widely-acclaimed fantasy/romance series, A Court of Thorns and Roses? Sarah J. Maas

General Knowledge
Augusta is the capital of what U.S state?  Maine
What word represents the letter ‘S’ in the NATO phonetic alphabet?  Sierra
What is the name of an adult female horse?  Mare
What was the first name of transatlantic flight pioneer Ms. Earhart?  Amelia
What measure comes between Grande and Trenta at Starbucks?  Venti
In office between 1885 and 1889, who was the 22nd U.S President?  Grover Cleveland
Flora is to flowers, as _______ is to animals  Answer: Fauna
What is the main ingredient in black pudding?  Blood
Currently one of the best players in the NBA, Giannis Antetokounmpo wears what number jersey?  34
Also the name of a car rental agency, what is the SI unit for frequency?  Hertz
Who plays Homer in the film The Cider House Rules?  Tobey Maguire

Bonus Round
The Griffith Observatory is located in what U.S city?  Los Angeles
What Manchester United footballer campaigned for free school meals?  Marcus Rashford
In 2005, what became the first nation in the world to hold elections over the Internet?  Estonia
What European country is home to the world's largest number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites?  Italy
Famous singer and member of the Police, what is the real name of Sting: FIRST and LAST?  Gordon Sumner
What was the first country, in 1824, to legalize trade unions?  Great Britain
Vark is an edible foil most commonly made from very thin sheets of what metal?  Silver
What was the surname of physics pioneer James Clerk?  Maxwell
Solve this mathematical equation in relation to Ohms: what is the wattage if the voltage is 10 volts and the current is 6 amperes?  60 watts
What is the name of the most famous sculpture by (Auguste) Rodin?  The Thinker

Game 240527F
Game Date: Monday, May 27, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What streaming service recently premiered a documentary series that chronicles Bon Jovi's journey through decades of music history, including some recent challenges?  Hulu 
What is the signature song from the 2018 movie A Star is Born?  Shallow
In the Nickelodeon series, Rugrats, what color are the bows that Angelica wears in her hair?  Purple
What was the name of the 2014 George Clooney film that was a true story of the operation to recover stolen Nazi plunder at the end of WWII?  The Monuments Men
Kirk and Uhura shared a groundbreaking kiss in “Plato's Stepchildren”, a famous episode of what '60s TV series?      Star Trek
How many kids do Kim Kardashian and Kanye West (aka Ye) share?  4
What 1977 Burt Reynolds' film features a Pontiac Trans Am being driven from Texas to Georgia in 28 hours?    Smokey and the Bandit
What quarterback was selected first overall by the Chicago Bears at the recent 2024 NFL draft?  Caleb Williams
Lasting seven seasons, what is the name of the 2015 sitcom that starred Jane Fonda and Lily Tomlin; it’s about two women living together after their husbands divorce them for each other?  Grace & Frankie
Who starred as Don Lockwood in the classic musical film Singin' in the Rain?  Gene Kelly

General Knowledge
During the brewing process, yeast converts what into ethyl alcohol?  Glucose
What U.S President famously said "ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country”?  John F. Kennedy
What sport is the national winter sport of Canada?  Ice Hockey
What computing term is defined as a set of rules for solving a problem in a number of steps?  Algorithm
On an analog clock, what does the shorter hand represent?  Hours
What Mount is home to the pantheon of Greek gods?  Olympus
What Zodiac Sign is represented by the water bearer?  Aquarius
In what state of matter are atoms most tightly packed?  Solid
What is the dome-shaped muscle, situated below the lungs, which provides crucial support for breathing? Diaphragm
Confit, or cooking in fat, is a common technique for preserving goose and what other bird?  Duck 


Tramar Lacel Dillard is the real name of what artist?  Flo Rida

Bonus Round
Elise, Evora, and Exige are models from what car company?  Lotus
The Codex Madrid, containing over 6,000 sketches and notes by what famous Renaissance artist, was rediscovered in 1965 in Madrid’s National Library?  Leonardo da Vinci
What is an alternative name for vitamin B2?  Riboflavin
On May 25, 1982, a British destroyer was sunk by Argentine Air Force pilots during an incident in what war?   Falklands War
In 1786, what composer's opera The Marriage of Figaro had its world premiere?  Mozart
What instrument did Sheku Kanneh-Mason play at the wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle?  Cello
What country controversially conducted its first nuclear test in 2006?  North Korea
Only three elements on the periodic table have been found to be ferromagnetic at room temperature - Iron, Nickel, and what other element?  Cobalt
In what year was Disney’s animated film The Lady and the Tramp released?  1955
Tunisia became a protectorate of what country in 1881?  France







Game 240528F
Game Date: Tuesday, May 28, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
In what country did Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez recently halt his public duties amid corruption allegations against his wife?  Spain 
In the Nickelodeon series, Rugrats, what color do the characters tongues turn after eating a Reptar Bar?  Green
What Oscar-winning actor spent part of his paycheck from Nespresso commercials on a satellite used to monitor human rights violations by a dictator in the Sudan?  George Clooney
Who played the character Jeff Spicoli, who wrecks a 1979 Chevrolet Camaro in the 1982 film Fast Times at Ridgemont High?  Sean Penn
"Because maybe / You're gonna be the one that saves me" sings Liam Gallagher in what classic Oasis track? Wonderwall
Portraying Lisa Rowe, what actor's breakthrough role was in Girl, Interrupted?  Angelina Jolie
Who had 80’s hits with "La Isla Bonita" and "True Blue"?  Madonna
As per a recently released trailer, in what upcoming film do Ryan Reynolds and Hugh Jackman face off against one of the X-Men's most dangerous villains?  Deadpool & Wolverine 
What is the name of Florence Welch's backing band?  The Machine
What Pharrell Williams song has the same name as one of Disney’s seven dwarfs?  Happy



General Knowledge
What natural wonder is commonly referred to as “the Lungs of the World”?  The Amazon Rainforest
Shaped like a pyramid, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame is located in what U.S. city?  Cleveland 
On an analog clock, what does the longer hand represent?  Minutes
What theater term means an actor who steps into a role when the main actor is sick?  Understudy
What digit of the hand is known as a saddle joint?  Thumb
What was the name of the space shuttle that exploded shortly after takeoff in January 1986?  Challenger
How many stripes does Adidas have in its logo?  3
What is the only American Football team to go a whole season undefeated, including the Super Bowl?                  Miami Dolphins
In the fairy tale, Little Red Riding Hood, what relative does the wolf dress up as?  Grandma
What is the lightest element on the periodic table?  Hydrogen

The Eurythmics hit "There Must Be An Angel" featured what musician on harmonica?  Stevie Wonder

Bonus Round
Lerwick is the main town on what British island group?  Shetland Islands
Shadowfax was a horse in what series of books and film?  Lord of the Rings
What country consumes the most chocolate per capita?  Switzerland
The Scream, a famous painting by what artist, has been stolen multiple times from museums in Norway?            Edvard Munch
What common name is given to the folds of skin on a cat's ears?  Henry’s (Fold)
What conflict, the last to see a reigning English monarch killed in battle, concluded with the death of King Richard III, whose remains were found beneath a Leicester parking lot in 2012?  War of the Roses
What is the name of the man who launched eBay back in 1995?  Pierre Omidyar
Currently, how many countries posses nuclear weapons?  9
Jean-Baptiste Poqueline was the pseudonym of what French dramatist?  Molière
Jarlsberg cheese is from what European country?  Norway



Game 240529F
Game Date: Wednesday, May 29, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What 2015 movie was the spin-off prequel to Despicable Me?  Minions
What classic rock band, known for hits like “Cold as Ice” and “I Want to Know What Love Is”, was finally inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, as recently announced?  Foreigner 
What is the name of the charismatic and sentient Volkswagen Beetle in the Disney film series that began in 1968?  Herbie
In the Nickelodeon series, Rugrats, what color t-shirt does Tommy Pickles wear?  Blue
What 2013 film stars Sandra Bullock and George Clooney as American astronauts who are stranded in space after the mid-orbit destruction of their Space Shuttle?  Gravity 
Released in 2002, what was the debut single from Avril Lavigne?  Complicated
What former Heisman Trophy winner, drafted by New Orleans in 2006, recently had his award returned to him following significant changes in college athlete compensation rules?  Reggie Bush
Who played Elton John in the 2019 movie Rocketman?  Taron Egerton
From what animal did doctors obtain a genetically modified kidney that was recently transplanted into Lisa Pisano as part of a dual procedure with a heart pump?  Pig
In a TV show of the same name, who is the youngest member of the Simpsons?  Maggie






General Knowledge
How many justices serve on the United States Supreme Court?  9
What is the name for a glue or coating made from resin?  Epoxy
In René Magritte's painting The Son of Man, what fruit is hovering in front of the subject's face—an apple, a peach, or a pear?  Apple
What American state is the largest (by area)?  Alaska
Although they most commonly end with a period, what punctuation mark can also end an imperative sentence?  Exclamation Mark
What is the name of the biggest technology company in South Korea?  Samsung
In what state of matter are atoms most loosely packed?  Gas
A monk called Dom Pérignon reputedly invented what drink?  Champagne
A craftsman who has served an apprenticeship but isn't a master has what name?  Journeyman
What legendary king was rumored to turn everything he touched to gold?  King Midas

Southside Serpents is a gang from what TV show?  Riverdale

Bonus Round
What country became the world’s fourth nuclear power in February 1960?  France
Meyer and Eureka are varieties of what fruit?  Lemon
The Taking of Christ, a "lost" artwork by what brawling Italian artist, was rediscovered in 1990 hanging in a Jesuit dining room in Dublin, Ireland?  Caravaggio
What former NBA Player Was Nicknamed “Agent Zero”?  Gilbert Arenas
What Japanese car company developed a model called the Grand Vitara?  Suzuki
Only three elements on the periodic table have been found to be ferromagnetic at room temperature - Nickel, Cobalt, and what other?  Iron
What is the better-known name of el-Hajj Malik el-Shabazz who was shot in 1965?  Malcom X
Junk, Trimaran, and Coracle are all types of what?  Boats
Emporio is a range of clothes by what fashion design brand?  Armani
What is the name for the lake that straddles the border between Peru and Bolivia in the Andes Mountains; it is one of South America's largest lakes?  Lake Titicaca

Game 240530F
Game Date: Thursday, May 30, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
For what 2003 film did Bill Murray receive an Oscar nomination for ‘Best Actor’, portraying an American film star in Japan?  Lost in Translation
In the Nickelodeon series, Rugrats, what color bow does Lil wear in her hair?  Pink
What Handmaid's Tale actress recently discussed fracturing her spine while filming a stunt for the FX spy series The Veil?  Elizabeth Moss
Harry Potter and The Cursed Child is a theater play that was originally performed in how many parts?  2
What Foo Fighters frontman has an alleyway named after him in his hometown of Warren, Ohio?  Dave Grohl
In what 1968 film does Steve McQueen navigate the streets of San Francisco in a high-speed car chase, driving a Mustang GT390?  Bullitt
What radio shock jock detailed his rise to fame in the 1993 memoir Private Parts?  Howard Stern
What “In My Feelings” rapper recently faced legal threats from Tupac Shakur's estate for using an AI-generated version of Tupac's voice in a diss track?  Drake 
Who was recently honored by King Charles and was appointed to ‘The Order of the Companions of Honour’ in recognition of her dedication and hard work?  Kate Middleton aka Princess of Wales 
Anne Bancroft starred as Mrs. Robinson in what 1967 film?  The Graduate


General Knowledge
Where in the universe is gravity so strong that not even light can escape?  Black Hole
Gramma Nut, Lord Licorice, and Mr. Mint are characters in what board game?  Candy Land
What does D.C. stand for in the capital of the United States?  District of Columbia
Who famously made the Statue of Liberty "disappear" and then "reappear" in a 1983 TV special?  David Copperfield
What medical condition is divided into Type 1 and Type 2?  Diabetes
What is the name of the outermost layer of the atmosphere?  Exosphere
How many Great Lakes are there?  5
In terms of paint, what color is canary?  Yellow
What name is given to a philosophical belief that the soul or spirit, after biological death, begins a new life in a new body?  Reincarnation
 What punctuation mark most commonly ends an imperative sentence?  Period
The Spiders from Mars were what singer's backing band?  David Bowie

Bonus Round
In the novel Catcher in the Rye, Holden attends a boarding school in what eastern US state?  Pennsylvania
In what modern country was the over 1,000-year-lost city of Troy rediscovered in the 19th century?  Turkey
What kind of aquatic mammal is the Australian snubfin, which was discovered in 2005?  Dolphin 
Who has the most triple doubles in NBA history?  Russell Westbrook
What country carried out nuclear testing on Christmas Island through the 1950s?  United Kingdom
Only three elements on the periodic table have been found to be ferromagnetic at room temperature - Iron, Cobalt, and what other?  Nickel
What vegetable was the first to be sold frozen by Birdseye in 1952?  Peas
The Festhalle is one of the largest performance venues in what country?  Germany
In Greek mythology, who judged a beauty contest between Hera, Aphrodite, and Athena?  Paris
Famous costume designer, Edith Head, has been ‘Head of Costume’ for what two movie studios?                 Paramount & Universal


Game 240602F
Game Date: Sunday, June 2, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
The Bridget Jones movies are set in what city?  London
What actress, who won an Oscar for playing Queen Elizabeth I, received a damehood from Queen Elizabeth II in 1988?  Judi Dench
Rapper Nas was married to what singer?  Kelis
Santa's Little Helper is what type of animal in the TV series The Simpsons?  Dog
Sandra Bullock is trying to steal what item in the film Ocean's 8?  Necklace
On May 17th, what team defeated the Boston Bruins to advance in the NHL Stanley cup playoffs? Florida Panthers
What boyband had a hit with "Live While We're Young"?  One Direction
A popular reality show asks you to "Say Yes to the" what?  Dress
Ebrahim Raisi, the president of what country, recently died in a helicopter crash? Iran
Charlie Colin, founding member of what 90’s and -00’s pop-rock band, recently passed away in a tragic shower accident? Train



General Knowledge
Ancient Egyptian women made green eye make-up using what mineral?  Malachite (Copper)
Just as a kilogram is used to measure mass, what kind of quantity does a gallon measure? Volume
In what European city would you find the famous Brandenburg Gate?  Berlin
What credit card was advertised with the slogan "Don't leave home without it"?  American Express
What color is the flesh of a lychee fruit?  White
The Po is the longest river in what country?  Italy
Honeycomb, made by bees, is what shape?  Hexagon
Home of Major League Baseball’s Toronto Blue Jays, the Rogers Centre opened in 1989 as the SkyDome – the world’s first sports arena to feature a fully retractable what?  Roof
What type of sauce is added to traditional Eggs Benedict?  Hollandaise
What term is given to dizziness or the feeling of the room spinning?  Vertigo

Mae West plays Lady Lou in what 1933 movie?  She Done Him Wrong

Bonus Round
Aotearoa is the indigenous name for what country?  New Zealand
The Lady of Shalott is a famous painting by what artist?  John William Waterhouse
In what state did the Battle of Little Bighorn take place?  Montana
According to Wikipedia, American sitcom Perfect Strangers (running from 1986-1993) aired how many episodes:         A) 138  B) 146  C) 150?  Answer: C) 150
Nok is an Iron Age civilization from what now modern-day African country?  Nigeria
What is produced by the lachrymal glands?  Tears
At 137.82 carats, the world's largest D color flawless diamond has what name?  Paragon
Name one of the two U.S states that the Venus Fly Trap is native to?  North Carolina or South Carolina
Miss Eglantine Price appears in what Disney movie?  Bedknobs & Broomsticks
To what political party did U.S President George Washington belong?  None


Game 240603F
Game Date: Monday, June 3, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
TV medic Dr. House has what first name?  Gregory
What 2003 movie remake involves Mini Coopers navigating through traffic and sewer tunnels during a gold heist scene in Los Angeles?  The Italian Job
Uma Thurman shared a $5.00 milkshake with what other actor in the 1994 film Pulp Fiction?  John Travolta
The Mouse King is the evil villain of what ballet?  The Nutcracker
What NBA team recently swept the New Orleans Pelicans in four games in the first round of the NBA playoffs?           Oklahoma City Thunder
What group asked "Do You Really Want to Hurt Me" in the 1980s?  Culture Club
In what franchise would you find the Khitomer Accords, an alliance formed between the United Federation of Planets and the Klingon empire?  Star Trek
In 2010, what then-88-year-old actress became the oldest host in Saturday Night Live's history?  Betty White
What classic rock and roll band recently kicked off their Hackney Diamonds tour in Houston?  The Rolling Stones
What classic 1976 horror film includes a prom night revenge involving telekinesis?  Carrie 




General Knowledge
What is the collective name of the three muscles found on the back of the thigh?  Hamstring
What ancient city, home to the purported 'Hanging Gardens', was rediscovered in the 19th  century by Robert Koldewey?  Babylon 
What term is given to the main villain in a book?  Antagonist
Found within the nucleus of a cell, what three letters stand for the long, coiled molecule, containing instructions for the cell to replicate itself? DNA
What is the lowest enlisted rank in the United States and Canadian Armies?  Private
What is the capital of Japan?  Tokyo
Spanning the years 1917 to 1963, An Unfinished Life was a 2003 biography of what American president?               John F. Kennedy
What dictator once took a Super Bowl ring from NFL owner Robert Kraft?  Vladimir Putin
Neptune and which other planet are classified as ice giants?  Uranus
What is the term for a mature male cattle?  Bull
Delta Goodrem is a singer from what country?  Australia

Bonus Round
Who sang the theme song to the James Bond movie, A View to Kill?  Duran Duran  
Born in 1906 and died in 1967, who was the last emperor of China?  (Aisin-Giro) Puyi 
What UNICEF ambassador's final on-screen appearance was a cameo in Steven Spielberg's 1989 film Always, where she played an angel?  Audrey Hepburn
What sea falls between the Norwegian Sea and Kara Sea?  Barents Sea
What is the name of the finger-like structures present on the surface of the small intestine that increase the surface area for absorption of food?  Villi
In what year did Fenway Park open?  1912
The 1952 Nobel Prize for Medicine was awarded over treatment for what disease?  Tuberculosis
Spain re-opened its borders with what territory in 1982?  Gibraltar
Poet and civil rights campaigner Maya Angelou is from what US state?  Missouri
Nimrud was a capital of what ancient Empire?  (Neo) Assyrian






Game 240604F
Game Date: Tuesday, June 4, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What musical (based on Alicia Keys' life) was recently nominated for 13 Tony Awards?  Hell's Kitchen
Drama series Scandal is set in what US city?  Washington, D.C.
In what 1983 horror film does a Ford Pinto become a terrifying trap for a mother and her son during a dog attack?  Cujo
John Travolta shared a $5.00 milkshake with what fellow actress in the 1994 film Pulp Fiction?  Uma Thurman
What company recently offered to pay $6.5 billion to settle allegations that its talc products caused ovarian cancer?  Johnson & Johnson
Katniss and what 12-year old tribute from District 11 formed an alliance during the 74th Hunger Games?  Rue
What 2014 film, starring Angelina Jolie, was partially based on the 1959 Disney animated film Sleeping Beauty?  Maleficent
Johnny Cash had a hit song about a boy named what?  Sue
What horse recently won the 150th Kentucky Derby in one of the closest three-horse finishes in the event's history?           Mystik Dan 
Protagonist Leonard tattoos his body with facts as he battles anterograde amnesia while seeking revenge for his wife's murder in what 2000 film?  Memento 




General Knowledge
Uranus and which other planet are classified as ice giants?  Neptune
What large Hellenistic marble statue of poetic fame, now mostly armless, was rediscovered in 1820 on the Greek island of Milos?  The Venus de Milo 
What is the term for a castrated male cattle?  Steer 
Rudyard Kipling published All the Mowgli Stories in 1933, a short story collection based off what famous book?        The Jungle Book
What constellation shares its name with the largest high-IQ society in the world?  Mensa
What city is the capital of India, featuring historical sites such as the Red Fort and India Gate?  New Delhi 
What is the name of the muscle group located on the front of the thigh?  Quads/Quadriceps
What is the only mammal that can fly, excluding mammals that can glide?  Bat
What is the name of the complementary medicine involved with smells?  Aromatherapy
Barack Obama was the first US President to be born in what state?  Hawaii

Dolores Abernathy is a main character in what TV series?  Westworld

Bonus Round
The last public execution in the United States occurred in 1936 in what state?  Kentucky
Samsung is headquartered in what country?  South Korea
In what year did the Astrodome open in Houston?  1965
In 1984, what politician was Walter Mondale's running mate, making her the first female vice-presidential nominee representing a major American political party?  Geraldine Ferarro
What spicy, garlicky style of cooking is named after a province of south-western China?  Sichuan
What author wrote about Peter Rabbit and Mrs. Tiggywinkle?  Beatrix Potter
Etienne Brule was looking for a route to what country when he explored Michigan in the 1620s?  China
What sea falls below Papua New Guinea, is a marginal sea of the South Pacific, and is located off the northeast coast of Australia?  Coral Sea
Edvard Grieg is a classical composer from what country?  Norway
In the 2008 film of the same name, what does WALL-E stand for?  Waste Allocation Load Lifter Earth-class

Game 240605F
Game Date: Wednesday, June 5, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
A heavily modified Ford Falcon XB GT Coupe is Max's primary mode of transport in what 1981 post-apocalyptic film?  Mad Max 2: The Road Warrior
What boy band stayed at the top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart for seven consecutive weeks with their 2021 single “Butter”?  BTS 
Lilo Pelekai is the star of what animated Disney movie?  Lilo & Stitch
What animal was the subject of a recent U.S. House bill aiming to remove it from the endangered species list across the lower 48 states?  (Gray) Wolf
After Robb Stark broke a marriage pact, “The Red Wedding” was the site of a massacre on what HBO series?        Game of Thrones
Who is best known as the creator, head writer, and star of the BBC tragicomedy series Fleabag?                        Phoebe Waller-Bridge
What British rock group is named after a medieval torture device?  Iron Maiden
“I wish I was special" sang Thom Yorke in what breakthrough hit for Radiohead?  Creep
What NFL player recently signed a two-year contract extension with the Kansas City Chiefs, making him the highest-paid tight end in the NFL?  Travis Kelce
After his companions leave him for dead in the aftermath of a bear attack, in what 2015 film does Hugh Glass seek revenge for the death of his son?  The Revenant





General Knowledge
Among cow, sheep, and goat milk, which one has the highest fat content?  Sheep 
What is the name of the structure, often cylindrical in shape, used to store grain?  Silo
Anemia is an illness caused by the deficiency of what?  Iron
What city is the capital of Spain, famous for its royal palace, the Prado museum, and vibrant nightlife?  Madrid 
What muscle group is located on the back of the upper arm?  Triceps
Terrestrial refers to what planet in our solar system?  Earth
What large African mammals live in groups called a crash?  Rhinos
What is the name of the cord that connects a baby to its mother in the womb?  Umbilical
An unintentional contact between two points in an electric circuit is known as what?  Short Circuit
Jasmine, Arborio, and Carolina are varieties of what food plant?  Rice
Gale Weathers is a character in what series of movies?  Scream

Bonus Round
In what year did the new Yankee Stadium open?  2009
The Third Imperial Egg, a Fabergé creation for what country's monarch, was last seen publicly in 1902 before being rediscovered in the American Midwest in 2012?  Russia
Of the following five planets, what are the only two that do not have moons - Neptune, Mars, Mercury, Uranus, Venus?  Answer: Mercury & Venus
At 29 years of age, Martha, the last of what species named for its migratory habits, passed away in the Cincinnati Zoo on September 1, 1914?  Passenger Pigeon
What was the first name of the second child and eldest daughter of King George II of Great Britain?  Anne
What sea, which shares its name with a bread of dog, falls below the southern tip of Greenland?  Labrador Sea
Bh is the chemical symbol for what element?  Bohrium
CERN, the European Organization for Nuclear Research, is located on the border between what two countries?  Switzerland & France
In what year was Dolly, the first cloned sheep, born?  1996
Keetoowah or Tsalagi are alternative names for what Native American group?  Cherokee

Game 240606F
Game Date: Thursday, June 6, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What group was "Waiting for a Girl Like You" in the 1980s?  Foreigner
James Bond's Aston Martin DB5 in Goldfinger (1964) is equipped with what feature, used to remove unwanted passengers in dramatic fashion?  Ejector Seat
In response to a recent embassy raid, what country did Mexico accuse of failing to protect the security of diplomatic premises, leading to an international legal dispute?  Ecuador
Featuring the songs “Across the Universe” and “Maggie Mae”, what was the last album released by The Beatles before their breakup?  Let It Be
What is the name of the van that Scooby-Doo and the gang travel around in? Mystery Machine
What female swimmer, the most decorated in U.S. history, was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom last month?  Katie Ledecky
In Star Wars, what is the name of the group that is formed to oppose the Galactic Empire?  The Rebel Alliance
What iconic animated characters did Ryan Gosling and Mikey Day recently reprise at the premiere of The Fall Guy?         Beavis and Butt-Head
What 2001 movie features a heist leader orchestrating a revenge plot against a casino owner who is dating his ex-wife?  Ocean's Eleven
What movie had the tagline "Who You Gonna Call"?  Ghostbusters



General Knowledge
In 2002, what breakfast staple was named the official prepared food of the U.S state of Georgia?  Grits
The Green Dwarf, an early unpublished novel by what author of Jane Eyre, was rediscovered and published more than 140 years after her death?  Charlotte Brontë 
What is the name of the large triangular-shaped muscle that overlies the shoulder posteriorly?  Trapezius
The adjective "Elizabethan" describes the reign of a monarch in what country?  England
What is the generic term for a newborn goat under six months of age?  Kid
What fast food chain used the slogan "I'm lovin' it"?  McDonald’s
How many planets in our solar system are considered gas giants?  4
What painting is a central plot device in the novel The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown?  The Last Supper
What condiment is also a verb meaning to enjoy?  Relish
Known as the "Eternal City," what capital of Italy is home to the Vatican City, the smallest independent state in the world?  Rome 







Ewan McGregor starred in a movie called Salmon Fishing in what country?  Yemen

Bonus Round
Enrique Iglesias shares three children with what tennis player?  Anna Kournikova
Gouda cheese is originally from what European country?  Netherlands
How many career knockouts did Roberto Durán earn during his 119 fight professional boxing career:                            A)70  B)79  C)84  D)92?  Answer: A)70
In 1838, what US state was the first to ban the sale of alcohol?  Tennessee
Who was the last artist to perform at the original Woodstock festival in 1969?  Jimi Hendrix 
What Renaissance country created small sailing ships called Caravels?  Portugal
What Super Bowl ring did Vladimir Putin take from Robert Kraft during a 2005 visit?  XXXIX (39)
What sea falls between the Barents Sea and the Laptew Sea?  Kara Sea
Who was the 14th President of the United States?  Franklin Pierce
What Spanish soccer team won the first ever European Cup in 1956?  Real Madrid



Game 240609F
Game Date: Sunday, June 9, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Jojo Siwa became famous through what reality show?  Dance Moms
"It is a very proud day for me to be recognized by the country of my birth" said what Murder, She Wrote actress when she received her damehood in 2014 at the age of 88?  Angela Lansbury 
Hit musical West Side Story is based on what Shakespeare play?  Romeo & Juliet
The television series Game of Thrones is based on the book series A Song of Ice and Fire by what author?        George R.R. Martin
What supreme court justice recently came under fire for displaying an inverted American flag at his home, back in January of 2021? Samuel Alito
In what decade was the Disney animated movie The Jungle Book released?  1960s
Kim Carnes had an 80’s hit about the eyes of what actress?  Bette Davis
In The Muppets, what type of animal is Rowlf?  Dog
Paisley Park was the home of what famous musician?  Prince
Donald Trump received a mix reaction on Saturday May 25th, when he visited the 2024 national convention of what American political party? Libertarian Party


General Knowledge
What is the name for a subatomic particle with no charge?  Neutron
What type of clothing was a doublet?  Jacket
What adjective is used to describe countries like Norway, Sweden, and Denmark?  Nordic/Scandanavian
On March 14, 1794, what American inventor was granted a patent for the cotton gin?  Eli Whitney 
Belgian & Curly are two types of what leafy salad ingredient?  Endive
What is the first name of Prince Charles' second wife?  Camilla
What NFL team has a fleur-de-lis in its logo?  New Orleans Saints
What’s the name of the French brand of luxury sports cars that includes the Veyron, Chiron, and Divo?  Bugatti
The Fujita Scale measures the intensity of what natural disaster?  Tornadoes
The Tiber river flows through what European capital?  Rome

Paul Hewson is the real name of what singer?  Bono

Bonus Round
Steve Eastbrook stepped down as CEO of what global fast-food chain after an affair with a staff member?  McDonald’s
Sinhalese is the word for the language and people largely populating what country?  Sri Lanka
What was the name of the British Mars lander that was lost in 2003 and found again in 2015?  Beagle 2
In what European city would you see a show at the Bolshoi theater?  Moscow
John Adams wrote a 1980s opera about what US President in China?  Richard Nixon
What is the capital of Azerbaijan?  Baku
King Edward, Charlotte, and Maris Piper are varieties of what food plant?  Potato
The shortest recorded war took place in 1896 between Britain and what island?  Zanzibar
What resplendent national bird of Guatemala is also the name of that country's currency?  Quetzal
Brandon Teena's story is told in what 1999 movie?  Boys Don’t Cry

Game 240610F
Game Date: Monday, June 10, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
A security guard was shot outside of what rapper's Toronto mansion on May 7th?  Drake 
The final scene of what 1991 film shows its protagonist duo drive a 1966 Ford Thunderbird off the edge of the Grand Canyon?  Thelma & Louise 
What actor provides the voice for Po, the giant panda, in the Kung Fu Panda franchise?  Jack Black
In what 2012 film does Jamie Foxx seek to rescue his wife from a ruthless plantation owner?  Django Unchained 
John Michael "JD" Dorian is the central character in what TV series?  Scrubs
Released in 2017, what colorful, squishy, plush toy comes in more than 1,000 characters and is popular with kids and adults alike?  Squishmallows
Cartoon character, Betty Boop, most often wears a dress of what color?  Red
A judge in Los Angeles County Superior Court recently granted a conservatorship for which legendary Beach Boys co-founder?  Brian Wilson
In the 2000s TV series, The Office, what character is known for his “that’s what she said” jokes?  Michael (Scott)
“Phone a Friend” was a life line for contestants of what popular 2000’s game show?  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire 





General Knowledge
For what purpose would a police officer use silver chloride?  Fingerprinting 
Ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs remained undecipherable until what stone was discovered by Napoleon's army in 1799?   Rosetta Stone
Who was the last person to serve as the President of the Soviet Union?  Mikhail Gorbachev 
What farmyard bird’s crow is most often associated with a morning wake up call?  Rooster
Le Roy, New York, is home to a museum dedicated to what famous brand of gelatin dessert?  Jell-O 
What term means the opposite of analog?  Digital
What Shakespearean character represents the ‘J’ in the NATO Phonetic Alphabet?  Juliet
What tubes carry blood away from the heart?  Arteries
Flamenco is a traditional dance style associated with what country?  Spain
Chapati, Challah, and Pita are all varieties of what basic food?  Bread

Arnold Schwarzenegger plays Colonel John Matrix in what 1985 movie?  Commando

Bonus Round
Viticulture is the cultivation and harvesting of what?  Grapes
What European capital city is known as the "City of Music" for its musical legacy that includes famous composers like Mozart and Beethoven?  Vienna
In what decade were women allowed to compete in the modern Olympic games for the first time?  1900s
What 1990’s film won the “Big Five” (Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Actress, and Best Screenplay) at the Oscars – one of only three films to do so?  The Silence of the Lambs
What was the name of the debut studio album by the Jimi Hendrix Experience?  Are You Experienced
What element is a greenish-yellow gas with atomic number of 17?  Chlorine
Besides Michael Jordan and Hakeem Olajuwon, who is the only other player to have won  ‘Most Valuable Player’ and ‘Defensive Player of the Year’ for the same season?  Giannis Antetokounmpo
What word is used to describe the study of coats of arms?  Heraldry
What Argentine revolutionary was executed in 1967?  Che Guevara
What U.S President was nicknamed “The Last Cocked Hat” as he was the final President to dawn this particular fashion style?  James Monroe



Game 240611F
Game Date: Tuesday, June 11, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
How many toes does the cartoon character Bugs Bunny have on each foot?  Three
What founder of Theranos recently had her prison sentence reduced for good behavior?  Elizabeth Holmes 
Premiering in 2013, what was the first-ever TV series produced specifically for Netflix?  House of Cards
Before transforming, what make OR model is the character Bumblebee in the 2009 film Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen?  Chevrolet OR Camaro (SS)
What actor delivers the iconic line, "I will find you, and I will kill you," in the 2008 film Taken?  Liam Neeson 
Who sang the theme song for the 1997 film Titanic?  Celine Dion
What wife of Justin Bieber recently announced her pregnancy in an Instagram post, showcasing a photoshoot with a baby bump?  Hailey Bieber (aka Hailey Baldwin)
The widely-watched defamation trial of Amber Heard and what fellow actor aired on television from April to June of 2022?  Johnny Depp
Vladimir Putin's recent fifth term inauguration took place in what historic building in Moscow?  The Kremlin
Appearing regularly in the hit sitcom F.R.I.E.N.D.S, what is the name of the bleach blonde manager of Central Perk?  Gunther





General Knowledge
What African island country leads the world in the production of vanilla?  Madagascar
In 1775, inventor David Bushnell developed the Turtle, the world's first example of what underwater vehicle?  Submarine
What tubes carry blood back towards the heart?  Veins
What company makes the Firefox internet browser?  Mozilla
What beverage represents the ‘W” in the NATO Phonetic Alphabet?  Whiskey
What sport is best known as the “king of sports”?  Soccer (aka Association Football)
What color accompanies Cross or Crescent in the name of a humanitarian organization?  Red
What term do power companies use for a period of reduced voltage of electricity caused by high demand?  Brownout
Fill-in-the-blanks on this traditional wedding rhyme -- brides should have something olde, something new, something _______, and something _______?  Borrowed & blue
The metatarsals are located in what part of the human body?  Foot
Barry, Robin, and what other Gibb brother made up the Bee Gees?  Maurice

Bonus Round
What term refers to farmland deliberately left unplanted for a time in order to allow the soil to recover and restore its nutrient content? Fallow
Besides Hakeem Olajuwon and Giannis Antetokounmpo, who is the only other player to have won  ‘Most Valuable Player’ and ‘Defensive Player of the Year’ for the same season?  Michael Jordan
What is the capital of Argentina? Buenos Aires
Deposed in 1893 and placed under house arrest, Queen Lili'uokalani was the last reigning monarch of what Island Kingdom?  Hawaii
What groundbreaking product was developed from an alliance between Sony and Philips in 1979? Compact Disc (CD) 
What 1970’s film won the “Big Five” (Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Actress, and Best Screenplay) at the Oscars – one of only three films to do so?  One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest 
Name two of the three elements that make up refrigerating gases called CFCs?  Chlorine, Fluorine, or Carbon
During the Cold War, what was the primary alliance called that opposed NATO?  The Warsaw Pact
What sport is Bela Karolyi known for coaching?  Gymnastics
Environmental organization The Sierra Club was founded by preservationist John Muir in San Francisco in what decade?  1890s



Game 240612F
Game Date: Wednesday, June 12, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
In an episode of Seinfeld, what frozen dessert causes a dispute over fat content after Jerry and Elaine gain weight?  Yogurt (or Non-fat yogurt)
What genre-defining city-building simulation game, which was just inducted into the 2024 Video Game Hall of Fame, allows players to design and manage their own urban landscapes?  SimCity 
Voiced by Chris Rock, what type of animal is Marty in the Madagascar film franchise?  Zebra
In what movie does a new student devise a plan to infiltrate and expose the manipulations of a high school clique known as “The Plastics”?  Mean Girls
Born Marion Morrison, who became a Hollywood icon thanks to his performances in such films as Stagecoach and True Grit?  John Wayne
Flynn Rider becomes the husband of what princess in the Disney animated film Tangled?  Rapunzel
Kim Kardashian notably dated what Saturday Night Live alumni?  Pete Davidson
Whose signature song is "American Pie"?  Don McLean
“Ask the audience” was a life line for contestants of what popular 2000’s game show?  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire
What is the title of the Beatles' documentary, recently re-released, that is considered a condensed version of the docuseries Get Back?  Let it Be 







General Knowledge
What term means the opposite of digital?  Analog 
Where in the human body are the tonsils located?  Throat
In the NBA, what does the award “DPOY” stand for?  Defensive Player of the Year
Sold in drug stores across the United States, what three letter nail polish brand was founded in California in 1981?  OPI
What farming term means animals who are allowed to roam, rather than being caged?  Free Range
What activity represents the ‘G’ in the NATO Phonetic Alphabet?  Golf
What US Cabinet position directly oversees the Army, Marine Corps, Navy, Air Force, and Space Force?        Secretary of Defense 
On what continent is India located?  Asia
What beet soup has been called the national dish of Ukraine?  Borscht
How often are the Summer Olympics held?  Every 4 years


Arthur C Clarke's short story "The Sentinel" inspired what 1968 movie?  2001: A Space Odyssey

Bonus Round
What was the last major conflict of the Napoleonic Wars?  Battle of Waterloo
What film introduced the term "bunny boiler", referring to a jealous woman?  Fatal Attraction
On a clear day, a person standing on France's Cap Gris-Nez can see the famous white cliffs of what English town?  Dover 
Basketball player, Scottie Pippen, has what nickname tattooed on his left arm?  Pip
Native Americans’ companion planting, specifically that of the Iroquois and the Cherokee, involved growing what three crops (called the “Three Sisters”) together?  Corn, beans, and squash
What is the capital of Thailand?  Bangkok
What 1930’s film won the “Big Five” (Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Actress, and Best Screenplay) at the Oscars – one of only three films to do so?  It Happened One Night
What two colors make up the national flag of Greece?  Blue & white
How many ounces does an NFL football weigh?  14 to 15 ounces (either answer is acceptable)
What city did Germany attack in 1939, starting World War II? PLEASE PROVIDE THE CITY NAME OF WHAT IT WAS AT THE TIME OF THE ATTACK  Answer: Danzig




Game 240613F
Game Date: Thursday, June 13, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
As recently announced, a new Lord of the Rings movie is coming in 2026.  It will be called "The Hunt for _______" -- fill-in-the-blank with the correct main character?  Gollum
“50/50” was a life line option for contestants of what popular 2000’s game show?  Who Wants to Be a Millionaire
What is the name of the forgetful fish in the 2003 Pixar film Finding Nemo?  Dory
Donning a Guy Fawkes mask, the protagonist in what 2005 movie plans a Nov 5th revenge against the British government?  V for Vendetta
What 2011 computer animated film starred Jesse Eisenberg as the voice of a macaw named Blu?  Rio
What west coast NHL team clinched the number 1 draft spot for this year's NHL draft?  San Jose Sharks 
Rebecca Welton, Roy Kent, Nathan Shelley, and Keeley Jones are all characters from what popular Apple+ TV series?  Ted Lasso
What 1996 movie features Neve Campbell and Fairuza Balk as teen witches?  The Craft
What model of Chevrolet, which shares its name with a California city, will end its production in 2024 as General Motors shifts focus to electric vehicles?  Malibu
In what decade did Elvis Presley, the “King of Rock and Roll”, pass away?  1970s



General Knowledge
Tsarina was the title given to the Queen of what country?  Russia
What is the common term for decompression sickness in divers?  The Bends
Paddy farming is a method that traditionally involves the submersion of fields under water to grow what?  Rice
The metacarpals are located in what part of the human body?  Hand
What planet takes its name from the Roman goddess of love?  Venus
What unit of measurement represents the ‘K’ in the NATO Phonetic Alphabet?  Kilo
How often are the Winter Olympics held?  Every 4 years
On what continent is Myanmar located?  Asia
Fill-in-the-blanks on the traditional wedding rhyme -- brides should have something _______, something _______, something borrowed, and something blue?  Old & new
Ferrari's famous alliance with what fuel supplier informally began in 1924 when Enzo Ferrari was a promising young Alfa course driver?  Shell

What is the first name of the character that Cory Monteith played on the TV series Glee?  Finn

Bonus Round
How many minutes was the longest recorded point in the history of tennis: A) 19  B) 29  C) 40  D) 55?  Answer: B) 29
What 2010 film, starring Danny Trejo as the title character, was a spin-off of the Spy Kids films?  Machete 
The 'Auld Alliance' of 1295, was an alliance between France and what other country; it was established primarily for defense against England?  Scotland
What famous author's unpublished manuscript What Pet Should I Get? was rediscovered 22 years after his death and published in 2015?  Dr. Seuss 
What capital city is located on the island of Java and is the largest city in Indonesia?  Jakarta
Who was the last Tsar of Russia before the monarchy was abolished following the Russian Revolution?  Nicholas II
In The Big Bang Theory, what main character has an intolerance to lactose?  Leonard (Hofstadter)
What two U.S states have elements on the Periodic Table named after them?  California & Tennessee
Besides Michael Jordan and Giannis Antetokounmpo, who is the only other player to have won  ‘Most Valuable Player’ and ‘Defensive Player of the Year’ for the same season?  Hakeem Olajuwon 
What President was in office when Nebraska achieved its statehood?  Andrew Johnson






Game 240616F
Game Date: Sunday, June 16, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Julia Louis-Dreyfus played which character in Seinfeld?  Elaine Benes
Meghan Markle married what British Royal in 2018?  Harry
What music video recently released by Eminem includes visual and lyrical throwbacks to his work in the early 2000s? Houdini  
Jamie Lynn is the sister of what famous pop singer?  Britney Spears
Josh Gad voices which character in the Frozen films?  Olaf
What senator was involved in a rear-end collision last weekend, resulting in his wife and others being hospitalized? John Fetterman
Charlie Brooker created a sci-fi series about what color of mirror?  Black
"Let's Go Crazy" and "Kiss" were hits for what musical artist?  Prince
Indiana Jones is a professor of what subject?  Archaeology
Jared and Shannon Leto are members of what rock band?  30 Seconds to Mars



General Knowledge
Failure of what organ of the body may be treated with dialysis?  Kidneys
Rice Crispy Treats are a dessert made by combining Rice Crispy cereal, butter, and what?  Marshmallow
Also known as a cell-culture dish, what transparent cylindrical container used for Microbiology is named after its German inventor?  Petri dish
What does QR stand for in QR code?  Quick Response
If you're performing the Foxtrot and Quickstep, what are you doing?  Dancing
What person also holds the title of Bishop of Rome?  The Pope
What U.S tourist destination is known as ‘Sin City’?  Las Vegas
Citrus fruits are often particularly rich in what vitamin?  C
The Inca Empire was centered on what modern day country?  Peru
Red, Blue, and Yellow are known as what type of colors?  Primary
What is the name of the lead character in video game God of War?  Kratos

Bonus Round
What kind of celestial body is a Jupiter Trojan?  Asteroid
What term describes a band of painted decoration on a wall?  Frieze
Biblically speaking, what is also referred to as the Decalogue?  The Ten Commandments
What is the chemical symbol for Tungsten?  W
What fictional town is the setting for Desperate Housewives?  Fairview
Taking its name from the Latin for "crow", what spiked boarding device was used by the Roman military to board enemy ships during the First Punic War?  Corvus
What English blue cheese is named for a small village in Huntingdonshire where it was first sold?  Stilton
What does a Dendrochronologist study?  Tree Rings/Aging
What is the proper medical name for our tear duct gland?  Lacrimal 
What ancient Greek is often referred to as ‘The Father of History’?  Herodotus



Game 240617F
Game Date: Monday, June 17, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What kind of Magnolia was the title of an early Julia Roberts movie?  Steel
In the 2004 movie, as a rule -- what color do the “Mean Girls” wear on Wednesdays?  Pink
Heffernan is the last name of the married couple from what sitcom; it lasted nine seasons and began in 1998?                  The King of Queens
“Deja Vu” , “Vampire”, and “Good 4 U” are all songs by what artist?  Olivia Rodrigo
In what 1987 film does Inigo Montoya seek revenge for his father’s murder, against the six-fingered man?                  The Princess Bride
What golfer, ranked number 1 in the world, was arrested before the start of Round 2 of the 2024 PGA Championship in Louisville, Kentucky?  Scottie Scheffler 
What hit ABC sitcom starred Sofía Vergara as Gloria Maria Ramirez Delgado Pritchett?  Modern Family
“Blame it all on my roots / I showed up in boots / And ruined your black tie affair" sang Garth Brooks in what 1990 hit?  Friends in Low Places
What 21 year old musician from Indio, California was crowned the American Idol winner on May 19th?  Abi Carter 
Miranda’s pet puppy Magenta is the best friend and neighbor of what popular animated TV dog?  Blue (Blue’s Clues)



General Knowledge
What is the technical term for the instrument a doctor would use to give an injection?  Syringe
Kentucky Avenue, Indiana Avenue, and Illinois Avenue are the three properties of what color on a classic Monopoly board?  Red
What SI unit of distance is abbreviated as ‘m’?  Meter
Jueves in Spanish translates to what day of the week in English?  Thursday
Members of the church of Latter-Day Saints are also known by what name?  Mormons
Famously done by astronaut Alan Shepard in 1971, what is the only sport to be played on the moon?  Golf 
What term is used to describe the rehearsal that is the last one before a show opens to the public?  Dress Rehearsal
A solar cooker uses energy from what to heat food?  The Sun
Out of the four hemispheres, in what two would you find the United States?  North & West
What genre of music would you expect to hear at the Grand Ole Opry?  Country
The song “Shall We Dance” comes from what 1956 musical film?  The King and I

Bonus Round
Apterous insects do not have what?  Wings
The Italian city of Rome is located on the shores of what river?  River Tiber
Aquaponics is a form of agriculture that couples 'aquaculture’ (raising aquatic animals) with what other system of soilless plant culture?  Hydroponics
Who became the first female Iron Chef on the Food Network's Iron Chef America?  Cat Cora
Keflavik International Airport is located in what country?  Iceland 
Gram flour is made from what food?  Chickpeas
What is the full first name of Mr. Darcy in the Jane Austen novel Pride and Prejudice?  Fitzwilliam
Hippopotamus comes from the Greek word meaning what?  River horse (or water horse)
What political party was US President James A. Garfield affiliated with?  Republican
In 2014, what country’s annual inflation rate was 63%, the highest in the Americas?  Venezuela




Game 240618F
Game Date: Tuesday, June 18, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Released in 1987, "Love Bites" was the first major US hit for what rock group?  Def Leppard
"Schwing!" was the catchphrase from which Mike Myers movie?  Wayne’s World
What actress recently declared the Cannes Film Festival officially open during its 77th edition after receiving an honorary Palme d'Or?  Meryl Streep 
Robert Fico, the Prime Minister of what European country, was the target of a recent assassination attempt?  Slovakia
In the children’s animated show Bluey, what is the name of Bluey’s sister?  Bingo
In what 1991 thriller does Max Cady seeks vengeance against Sam Bowden, the attorney he blames for his incarceration?  Cape Fear
What "Simply the Best" singer became a Vogue cover star in 2013 at the age of 73?  Tina Turner
What NFL quarterback recently signed a 4-year, $212 million contract extension with the Detroit Lions?  Jared Goff
What video game company created the iconic characters Link and Zelda?  Nintendo 
Eleanor, Chidi, Tahani, Janet, Michael, and Jason are the main characters in what sitcom that ran from 2016 to 2020?    The Good Place


General Knowledge
Cloche, pillbox, and fez are examples of what item of clothing?  Hats
Farming with andisols, common in Japan, is a practice that uses what kind of ash to enhance soil fertility?  Volcanic
St. James Place, Tennessee Avenue, and New York Avenue are the three properties of what color on a classic Monopoly board?  Orange
What unit of measurement is abbreviated as ‘mm’?  Millimeter
Viernes in Spanish translates to what day of the week in English?  Friday
The Taliban ruled what country from 1996-2001?  Afghanistan
What is considered to be the most prestigious award that could be given to a Broadway musical?  Tony
Out of the four hemispheres, in what two would you find China?  North & East
What form of music, beginning with the letter ‘M’ comes from the Dominica Republic?  Merengue
What is the maximum score possible in a single game of 10 pin bowling?  300
Richard Ashcroft is the front man for what band?  The Verve

Bonus Round
Finnish writer Tove Jansson created what Hippo-like children's characters?  Moomins
Financier cakes are most commonly what nutty flavor?  Almond
In the late 1920s, Einstein engaged in a series of public debates about quantum mechanics with what well-known Danish physicist?  Niels Bohr
What alliance in World War I comprised of France, Britain, and Russia before the United States joined?                        The Triple Entente
What celebrity chef is known for her Italian-American cuisine and her show Everyday Italian?  Giada De Laurentiis
Daniel K. Inouye International Airport is the main airport in what US state?  Hawaii
How old was Malala Yousafzai when she received the Nobel Peace Prize in 2014?  17
Fill-in-the-blank: Carlos Ruiz Zafon wrote a novel called The Shadow of the __________.  Answer: Wind
Hathor was a fertility goddess in what ancient civilization?  Egyptian
What is the FULL name of the virus that causes cold sores?  Herpes Simplex Virus



Game 240619F
Game Date: Wednesday, June 19, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Chase, Marshall, Rocky, Skye, Rubble, and Zuma and the six main characters of what animated TV series?             Paw Patrol
As said in the 1999 film that stars Edward Norton and Brad Pitt, -- what is the first rule of Fight Club?                          You do not talk about Fight Club
In what major city did Tacos El Califa de León recently become the first taco stand to receive a coveted Michelin star?  Mexico City 
What movie/book character is known as "The Boy Who Lived"?  Harry Potter
Singer Harry Styles has tattoos on his feet that read "Never Gonna Dance Again" in reference to what Wham! song?  Careless Whisper
What streaming platform recently confirmed that the long anticipated movie Happy Gilmore 2 is in development?  Netflix
What rapper's alter ego, Slim Shady, had an "obituary" recently published in a newspaper ahead of a new album release?  Eminem
The Hemsworth brothers (who are all actors) are from what country?  Australia
Daisy Ridley provided the voice for Cottontail in what 2018 children's movie?  Peter Rabbit
“Used To Be Young”, “Flowers”, and “Jaded” are all songs by what artist?  Miley Cyrus




General Knowledge
What unit is the same as eight pints?  1 gallon
What style of art uses shapes and colors rather than solid forms?  Abstract
Workers, drones, and the queen all refer to what type of insects?  Bees
Known for its historic Red Square and the Kremlin, as well as hosting the 1980 Summer Olympics, what city is the capital of Russia?  Moscow
Lunes in Spanish translates to what day of the week in English?  Monday
St. Charles Place, States Avenue, and Virginia Avenue are the three properties of what color on a classic Monopoly board?  Pink
What US President signed a bill making Juneteenth a federal holiday?  Joe Biden
What NFL great was known by the nicknames "Johnny U" and the "Golden Arm"?  Johnny Unitas
What four letter word means an open-air swimming pool?  Lido
In old time theater, greasepaint refered to what?  Make-up






2 Cool 4 Skool was the first album by what boyband?  BTS

Bonus Round
What is the more common name for nacre?  Mother of Pearl
What cookbook series, by Ina Garten, shares its title with her popular Food Network show?  The Barefoot Contessa
What is the modern name for the Indian city of Madras?  Chennai
What is the largest Canadian province by area?  Quebec
What US state was the first to recognize Juneteenth as a state holiday?  Texas
Marcel Marceau is widely considered to be the most famous artist in what field of art?  Mime
Harry Reid International Airport is located in what US state?  Nevada
What was the last name of Clyde, of the famous Bonnie and Clyde?  Barrow
In what year was the Pixar film Ratatouille released?  2007
Pugilist is another name for someone competing in what sport?  Boxing




Game 240620F
Game Date: Thursday, June 20, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
“Cruel Summer”, “Fortnight”, and “Bad Blood” are all songs by what artist?  Taylor Swift
Along with John, who was ‘Plus 8’ in the name of a TV reality show?  Kate
What female artist took home both ‘female artist of the year’ and ‘entertainer of the year’ at the recent 2024 ACM Awards?  Lainey Wilson
In the TV show of the same name, what type of animal do the Flintstones have as a family pet?  Dinosaur
What is the title of the recently released movie that reunited Steve Carrell, who plays the voice of Blue, and John Krasinski, who starred in and directed the film?  If 
What video game series features Master Chief as the main protagonist?  Halo 
Along with his mom, dad, grandma, and grandpa, what type of baby fish became a huge sensation amongst children thanks to a catchy song?  Shark
Sharing a daughter with the late Heath Ledger, what actress played Hugh Jackman's wife in The Greatest Showman?  Michelle Williams 
Who sings "Footloose" from the 1984 movie of the same name?  Kenny Loggins
Fill-in-the-blank: Ant and __________ are the hosting duo of Britain’s Got Talent.  Answer: Dec


General Knowledge
Equaling one nautical mile per hour, what unit of measurement describes speed through water?  Knot
What form of music beginning with the letter ‘B’ comes from the Dominica Republic?  Bachata
The Delian League, an ancient military alliance led by Athens, fought against the Peloponnesian League led by what city-state?  Sparta
Pacific Avenue, North Carolina Avenue, and Pennsylvania Avenue are the three properties of what color on a classic Monopoly board?  Green 
What would you do in a room called a refectory?  Eat
Miércoles in Spanish translates to what day of the week in English?  Wednesday
The Fleet Science Center in San Diego was the first museum in the world to host planetarium shows in what large, high-resolution format?  IMAX
What nationality of horn would you find in an orchestra?  French
Cell division is the process by which a parent cell divides into two of what type of cells?  Daughter
Out of the four hemispheres, in what two would you find Australia?  South & East
What group released the 1971 album Sticky Fingers?  The Rolling Stones

Bonus Round
What is the capital of South Korea?  Seoul
Carambola is another name for what fruit?  Star Fruit
What is the name of Bobby Flay's first restaurant, which he opened in New York City in 1991?  Mesa Grill
McCarran International Airport is the former name of an airport located in what US city?  Las Vegas
Who was piloting the plane nicknamed the "Spruce Goose" when, on November 2, 1947, it made its first and final flight?  Howard Hughes
What civilization spoke Quechua?  Incas
In what year was the Pixar film Monsters, Inc. released?  2001
A squid or octopus is part of what animal family?  Cephalopod
Who was voted Time Magazine's 'Person Of The Year' in 1970?  Willy Brandt
What was the last name of Bonnie, of the famous Bonnie and Clyde?  Parker




Game 240623F
Game Date: Sunday, June 23, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
With a theme of “The Brave and the Brilliant”, TED2024 kicked off this past April in what city?  Vancouver
What figure skater's rivalry with Tonya Harding was chronicled in the 30 for 30 episode “The Price of Gold”?          Nancy Kerrigan
Years before he became a household name for such books as Congo and Jurassic Park, who wrote the 1975 historical novel The Great Train Robbery?  Michael Crichton
Cheeseburger in Paradise is a casual dining restaurant chain named for a song by what musician?  Jimmy Buffett
Thanks to a recent out-of-court settlement, what grunge band will finally release the last recordings made with lead singer Chris Cornell, who died in 2017?  Soundgarden
In the DC comics, what newspaper does Superman work for?  The Daily Planet
What castmember from the Dreamworks Trolls franchise was recently arrested on DWI charges in Long Island? Justin Timberlake
What TV series popularized the 1970’s catchphrase, "Good night, John-boy"?  The Waltons
What actress stars with Natalie Portman in the film Black Swan?  Mila Kunis
The first presidential debate is set to occur in four days, June 27th, in what southern US city? Atlanta


General Knowledge
What city would you visit to see the Eiffel Tower?  Paris
What type of animal is a Kookaburra?  Bird
Schizophasia is a symptom of what neurological disorder more commonly called "______ salad."?  Word
Traditionally held on Patriot's Day, where does the world's oldest annual marathon take place?  Boston
What three letters are an acronym for the supposedly "good" cholesterol?  HDL (High-density lipoprotein)
The largest spider in the world is named after what Biblical character?  Goliath
Rising almost 20 thousand feet above sea level and located in Tanzania, what is the name of the highest mountain in Africa?  Mount Kilimanjaro
Yale University is located in what U.S. state?  Connecticut
Watt is the SI unit for what quantity?  Power
Brie and Gruyère are varieties of what food?  Cheese

The song “I Could Have Danced All Night” is from what 1964 musical?  My Fair Lady

Bonus Round
What British multi-matrimonial monarch had the Royal Tennis Court at Hampton Court Palace built in the 1520s, so he could indulge in his love of the game?  Henry VIII
What chemical process separates mixtures by boiling liquid and then recovering the cooled gas?  Distillation
Nan Wood Graham and dentist Dr. Byron McKeeby were the inspirations for the two figures in what famous 1930 portrait by Grant Wood?  American Gothic
What element is also known as Brimstone?  Sulfur
In 1856, Kate Warne became the first female detective for what infamous American detective agency, later becoming notorious for their role in labor disputes?  Pinkerton Detective Agency 
What is the capital of the African country Ghana?  Accra
What TV and book series is set on a medieval-inspired landmass known as "the Continent”?  The Witcher
Three days before his surrender at Yorktown, a storm prevented what British general's escape across the York River?  Cornwallis
What discoverer of penicillin predicted the rise of antibiotic resistant bacteria?  (Alexander) Fleming
What species of wolf is also known as the Red Jackal?  Ethiopian Wolf


Game 240624F
Game Date: Monday, June 24, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Fill-in-the-blank on this 2017 sequel: Blade Runner 20____ .  Answer: 49 
What British chef wrote and starred in the show The Naked Chef and has been a huge proponent of healthy school lunches?  Jamie Oliver
In the animated Nickelodeon series Doug, what was the name of Doug’s love interest?  Patti (Mayonnaise)
What director of the popular 2004 documentary Super Size Me recently passed away on May 23rd?  Morgan Spurlock 
From 1972 to 2007, Bob Barker hosted what classic daytime game show?  The Price is Right
What 1999 horror film (produced on a budget of $60,000) went on to gross $250 million worldwide?                             The Blair Witch Project 
Despite Red Lobster filing for bankruptcy, it was recently announced that which iconic biscuit mix will remain available for purchase in grocery stores?  Cheddar Bay biscuits
Hagrid’s Magical Creatures Motorbike Adventure is a Universal Studios roller coaster themed around what movie franchise?  Harry Potter
It was recently announced that what 7-time MLB ‘MVP’ will be getting inducted into the Pittsburgh Pirates Hall of Fame?  Barry Bonds
 "Bad at Love” and “You should be sad” are hits by what artist?  Halsey





General Knowledge
What country has the most Michelin starred restaurants?  France
The diffusion of a liquid through a cell wall or membrane is known as what?  Osmosis
Named after the person who invented it, what is the alternative name for a whirlpool bath?  Jacuzzi
What does the Greek prefix "astro" refer to?  Stars
Flagstaff, Tucscon, and Mesa are all major cities in what US state?  Arizona
How many legs does a lobster have?  10
What color is an airplane’s famous “black box”?  Orange
When ordering from Starbucks, what size is equivalent to a medium or 16 oz?  Grande
Three balls and two strikes is commonly referred to as what in the game of a baseball?  Full count
What Latin phrase meaning “From many, one” is the United States moto?  E pluribus unum

What US city was the original setting for Dance Moms?  Pittsburgh

Bonus Round
What country won the most gold medals at the Tokyo 2020 Summer Olympics?  United States
What was the first name of Morse, inventor of the Morse code?  Samuel
How many pieces does each player have at the start of a game of backgammon?  15
Resistance, impedance, or reactance is measured in what SI unit?  Ohm
What type of flower is couscous made from?  Semolina
In what ancient civilization were scissors invented?  Egypt
The United States' first Pride parade took place in what year?  1970
Bog snorkeling is a strange sport invented in what country?  Wales
What US state shares its name with a former Soviet republic?  Georgia
Who directed the 2001 film Moulin Rouge?  Baz Luhrmann







Game 240625F
Game Date: Tuesday, June 25, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
David Brent was the boss on the original UK version of what sitcom?  The Office 
Debbie Harry is best known for being the lead singer of what musical group?  Blondie
In the animated Nickelodeon series Doug, what was the name of Doug’s pet dog?  Porkchop
What cryptocurrency drew its inspiration from the face of Kabosu, the Japanese shiba inu who passed away last month?  Dogecoin 
Actor Jon Voight is the father of what fellow actress?  Angelina Jolie
What ABC medical drama about a young autistic surgeon recently aired its series finale?  The Good Doctor
What was the name of Emeril Lagasse's cooking show, which aired on the Food Network from 1997 to 2007, that popularized the catchphrase "Kick it up a notch!"?  Emeril Live
Chief Clancy Wiggum appears in what TV series?  The Simpsons
What deceased rapper performed via a hologram-like projection at Coachella in 2012?  Tupac Shakur 
The Escape from Gringotts is a Universal Studios themed ride around what movie franchise?  Harry Potter 





General Knowledge
Who famously invented the printing press?  Johannes Gutenberg
Although technically a fruit, what green vegetable is added to a Greek tzatziki dip?  Cucumber
In anatomy, where would you find your pharynx?  Throat
What social networking site is concerned with business and professional connections?  LinkedIn
Fort Worth, Amarillo, and El Paso are all major cities in what US state?  Texas
What is the top-selling brand of Orange Juice in the United States?  Tropicana
How many colors are there said to be in a rainbow?  7
If someone is said to have FOMO, they have what?  Fear of missing out
When ordering from Starbucks, what size is equivalent to a large or 20 oz?  Venti
Someone is often said to be as mad as a box of what animals?  Frogs
Which of the Baldwin brothers plays Brian McCaffrey in the film Backdraft?  William

Bonus Round
The Great Rift Valley is a geographic feature of what continent?  Africa
Sunsets on Mars are usually what color?  Blue
What country won the second most gold medals at the Tokyo 2020 Summer Olympics?  China
What mob boss known as "the Teflon Don" died in prison in 2002?  John Gotti
What is the point total in scrabble, double and triple scores NOT included, for the word JINXED?  21
The way in which objects in a painting are arranged has what name?  Composition
The thick cloth called Harris Tweed comes from what country?  Scotland
The RMS Titanic sank in the Atlantic Ocean in what year?  1912
The origins of the hot dipping sauce Sriracha are often debated – in what country did it actually originate?  Thailand
Sylvia Rivera and Marsha P. Johnson led what activist group?  STAR (Street Transvestite Action Revolutionaries)





Game 240626F
Game Date: Wednesday, June 26, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Fill-in-the-blanks on this Bon Jovi song: Shot through the heart and you're to blame, you give love a _______ _______.  Answer: Bad name
In what US city did Ben Schneider, AKA "Reckless Ben", recently perform a high-wire walk between two skyscrapers?  Los Angeles 
In the animated Nickelodeon series Doug, what was the name of Doug’s best friend?  Skeeter (Mosquito Valentine)
Rachael Ray is best known for her concept of quick cooking meals. What is the time frame she famously uses for these recipes?  30 minutes
Due to complications with Lupus, Selena Gomez underwent a transplant of what organ in 2017?  Kidney
The University of Minnesota marching band joined what singer on his performance of “Suit & Tie” at the Super Bowl in 2018?  Justin Timberlake 
The Forbidden Journey is a Universal Studios themed experience around what movie franchise?  Harry Potter 
What actor, known for his role as Thor in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, received his star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame last month? Chris Hemsworth
"Mama always said life was like a box of chocolates" is a famous line from what movie?  Forrest Gump
Although he has been married to more than one woman named Jennifer, to which Jennifer does "Bennifer" refer to when it comes to Ben Affleck’s partners?  Jennifer Lopez


General Knowledge
Firefox, is an internet browser released by what company?  Mozilla
A "normal" distribution in statistics is what sort of curve?  Bell
What Japanese puzzle game requires placing numbers from 1 to 9 in a 9x9 grid, ensuring each number appears only once per row, column, and sub grid?  Sudoku
What 1952 novel by E.B. White introduced the world to a pig named Wilbur?  Charlotte's Web
Seasonal Affective Disorder usually strikes hardest during what season of the year?  Winter
Cleveland, Dayton, and Toledo are all major cities in what US state?  Ohio
When at work, if you receive an automated e-mail from a co-worker with the abbreviation “OOO” it means they are what?  Out of office
In the US, how many ounces are in a standard can of soda?  12 oz
What toy, invented in 1948, was originally called the Flyin-Saucer?  Frisbee
What term describes borrowing stocks to immediately sell in the open market with the expectation that the price will drop so that they can be bought back at lower price, returned to the broker, and the difference is kept as profit?     Short Selling aka Shorting


What actress stars in Orange is the New Black as Piper?  Taylor Schilling 

Bonus Round
What country won the third most gold medals at the Tokyo 2020 Summer Olympics?  Japan
Balalaika is a stringed instrument from what country?  Russia
What is the point total in scrabble, double and triple scores NOT included, for the word SHRIMP?  13 
In what Italian city was pizza first made?  Naples
A disease that can be transmitted from an animal to a human is called what?  Zoonosis (or Zoonotic)
The Stonewall riots took place in June of what year?  1969
Copper is named after what island in the Mediterranean?  Cyprus
What country rejected becoming a republic in a 1999 referendum?  Australia
Who is Hogwarts High Inquisitor in the Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix film/book?  Dolores Umbridge 
What country acquired 4 of the 7 Dead Sea Scrolls in 1955?  Israel



Game 240627F
Game Date: Thursday, June 27, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Liv Tyler is the daughter of what rock band’s lead singer?  Aerosmith
What actor undergoes a dramatic transformation to portray MMA legend Mark Kerr in the upcoming A24 film The Smashing Machine?  Dwayne Johnson (aka “The Rock”)
Quailman was the superhero alter-ego of what animated Nickelodeon character?  Doug
"I'm begging of you please don't take my man" sang Dolly Parton during what song that was just named the greatest country song of all time by Rolling Stone?  Jolene 
What reality TV show features Gordon Ramsay offering critical feedback to struggling restaurant owners, which often includes restaurant makeovers and menu overhauls?  Kitchen Nightmares
A Bronx Tale and The Good Shepherd are two films directed by what Oscar-winning actor?  Robert De Niro 
Flight of the Hippogriff is a Universal Studios roller coaster themed around what movie franchise?  Harry Potter 
John Mellancamp once sang a “little ditty” about what two “American kids”?  Jack & Diane
What is the title of the novel that won Jenny Erpenbeck the 2024 International Booker Prize?  Kairos 
What actor played Dustin Hoffman's brother in the 1988 movie Rain Man?  Tom Cruise



General Knowledge
In chess, what is the only piece that can move in an 'L' shape?  Knight
The hard tissue between the pulp and the enamel in teeth has what name?  Dentin
The Enhanced Fujita Scale measures what natural phenomena?  Tornado
Santa Fe, Las Cruces, and Silver City are all major cities in what US state?  New Mexico
Chrome is an internet browser from what company?  Google
“Magnum opus” is a Latin phrase for an author’s what?  Best work
When ordering from Starbucks, what size is equivalent to a small or 12 oz?  Tall
IBM was one of the main developers of what device in the 1980s?  Computers
What was the first state to ratify the Constitution, on December 7, 1787?  Delaware
What volcano erupted and buried Pompeii in 79 AD?  Vesuvius



Played by Marisol Nichols, what is the first name of Veronica's mother in the TV series Riverdale?  Hermione

Bonus Round
What snake is the national reptile of India?  (King) cobra
What is the point total in scrabble, double and triple scores NOT included, for the word FLAG?  8
The first known velociraptor skeleton was found in what desert?  Gobi
In what country was the Caesar salad invented?  Mexico
In what year was the first ever SMS text message sent?  1992
Cyndi Lauper wrote the music for Kinky Boots based on whose book?  Harvey Fierstein  
What country has the second most Michelin starred restaurants?  Japan
“Something is rotten in the state of Denmark” is a a line from what Shakespeare play?  Hamlet
Kirsch is a liqueur usually distilled from what fruit?  Cherry
Leo Varadkar became political leader of what country in 2017?  Ireland

Game 240630F
Game Date: Sunday, June 30, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
In 2007, Lego made a very rare 14-karat gold minifigure of what Star Wars character?  C-3PO
"Mrs. Robinson, you're trying to seduce me" is a line from what movie?  The Graduate
What comedian recently hosted the annual White House Correspondents' Association dinner on April 27th?    Colin Jost
What American singer-songwriter released the critically acclaimed album Lemonade in 2016?  Beyoncé
Played by Tom Cruise, Ethan Hunt is the main character in what series of movies?  Mission Impossible
Breaking Bad actor Jesse Plemons is married to what fellow actress?  Kirsten Dunst
Professor McGonagall can transfigure into what animal in the Harry Potter movies?  Cat
Come Around Sundown and Walls are albums by what group?  Kings of Leon
Vladimir Putin recently signed a mutual defense pact with what other dictator? Kim Jong Un
Due to complications with Lupus, Selena Gomez underwent a transplant of what organ in 2017?  Kidney


General Knowledge
American style home fries are often served as a side for what meal?  Breakfast
Despite not having this many, what insect's name suggests it should have 100 legs?  Centipede
How many regular season games did Michael Jordan play as a member of the Washington Wizards:                       A)142  B)146  C)150  D)152 ?  Answer = A)142
The Catcher in the Rye is a classic novel written by what American author?  J.D. Salinger
What is the name for a musical scale of 8 notes?  Octave/Octatonic
Bill Gates stepped down as what company's boss in 2000?  Microsoft
From what civilization was Montezuma an Emperor?  Aztec
What type of leaf is on the Canadian flag?  Maple
The bicuspid and tricuspid valves are found where in the body?  Heart
When a fielder attempts to catch a batted baseball in the air but the ball hits the ground just before it enters the fielder's glove, it is known as a what type of catch?  Trap
My Left Foot stars what actor playing Christy Brown?  Daniel Day-Lewis

Bonus Round
In the Archie comic book series, what is the last name of Archie?  Andrews
The world's first iron bridge was built in what country in 1779?  England
Physics, Physiology (Medicine), Literature, Economic Sciences, Peace, and __________ are the six Nobel Prize categories.  Answer: Chemistry
Happening one year after the Stonewall Riots, the United States' first Pride parade took place in what year?  1970
Daniel Boone helped build the Wilderness Trail to reach what US state?  Kentucky
What did Hon Lik invent in 2003 after his father died of lung cancer?  E-cigarettes
Which former Little Britain star was a judge on Britain's Got Talent?  David Walliams
What is Coulomb's law concerned with?  Electrostatic Force
The Fumin grape comes from what country?  Italy
What color comes after "Thymol" in the name of a chemical indicator?  Blue

Game 240701F
Game Date: Monday, July 1, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What actor starred in the films Leaving Las Vegas and The Wicker Man?  Nicholas Cage
In Disney’s animated film, Lady and the Tramp, what dish do Lady and the Tramp share resulting in their first kiss?  Spaghetti (and Meatballs)
Lasting six seasons, what musical TV series was set at William McKinley High School?  Glee
In the recently released biopic Young Woman and the Sea, what Star Wars actress portrays the ocean-swimmer Gertrude "Trudy" Ederle?  Daisy Ridley 
David Arquette, Neve Campbell, and Courteney Cox star in what single word horror movie?  Scream
According to English rock band The Beatles, how many days are in a week?  8
What Broadway musical was adapted from the 1949 memoir The Story of the Trapp Family Singers?                        The Sound of Music
In what country is the famous Blue Lagoon geothermal spa located, which was recently evacuated due to a volcanic eruption?  Iceland
In the 2024 playoffs, what NBA team did the Dallas Mavericks eliminate to advance to the NBA finals?           Minnesota Timberwolves
In the 2019 film Avengers: Endgame, who played Scott Lang aka Ant-Man?  Paul Rudd




General Knowledge
What two US states begin with the letter V?  Vermont & Virginia
Fine lines around the eyes are named after the feet of what bird?  Crows
In what year did Columbus “sail the ocean blue”?  1492
In chess, what is it called when a player's king is in check and has no legal moves to escape?  Checkmate
On a French menu, what is escargot?  Snail
Moving blood directly from one person to another is called what?  Transfusion
What territory of the United States is located 1,000 miles southeast of Miami in the Caribbean Sea?  Puerto Rico 
Now known simply as Max, what did the ‘O’ stand for in the name of the premium cable network HBO Max?  Office
What famous author's final resting place is in Baltimore, Maryland, with a monument bearing a raven in homage to one of his most famous works?  Edgar Allan Poe
A system of pipes, ditches, canals, and tunnels, what is used to supply cities and agricultural lands with water?  Aqueducts
What actress was cast as the first female Doctor Who in 2018?  Jodie Whittaker

Bonus Round
What number is located at the 6 o'clock position on a standard dart board?  3
What name is given to the women who are cooks and cleaners in The Handmaid's Tale?  Marthas
Instead of a traditional bun, what would you find on the outside of a Luther hamburger?  Donuts
What female Pharaoh was reputed to have dressed as a man to reinforce her power?  Hatshepsut
Released for the first time in 1977, what is the name of Clint Eastwood’s beer?  Pale Rider Ale
How old was Harrison ford when he appeared in Raiders of the Lost Ark, the first film in the Indiana Jones franchise?  38
What continent are pecan nuts native to?  North America
Something described as soporific makes you feel what?  Sleepy
What desert marks much of the boundary between Namibia, Botswana, and South Africa and is known for its red dunes?  The Kalahari Desert
What is the name for the white, half-moon-shaped part of the nail matrix that's visible at the base of a fingernail, just above the cuticle?  Lunula

Game 240702F
Game Date: Tuesday, July 2, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
On what network did the late chef Anthony Bourdain host the show Parts Unknown from 2013 to 2018?  CNN
What actor left The Walking Dead after the 2018 season, only to return to the franchise in a spin-off this past February?  Andrew Lincoln
What telescope recently broke its own record by observing the earliest and most distant galaxy known to date?   James Webb Space Telescope
Consisting of puppets, Dr. Teeth and the Electric Mayhem was a band on what TV show?  The Muppets
What aquatic animal had a garden in the title of a Beatles’ song?  Octopus
What singer was recently awarded more than $418,000 in unpaid royalties by a California judge in a copyright lawsuit against Mary Bono?  Cher 
Who is the NFL's No. 1 overall pick expected to be featured prominently on the Chicago Bears' edition of Hard Knocks?  Caleb Williams 
In the 2019 film Avengers: Endgame, who played Wanda Maximoff aka Scarlet Witch?  Elizabeth Olsen
In the 2001 film Shrek, what is the name of Shrek’s love interest?  (Princess) Fiona
Who had songs titled “Rumour Has it”, “Easy On Me”, and “Set Fire to the Rain”?  Adele


General Knowledge
In a choir, what term is given to the highest female vocal range?  Soprano
A compass always points to what magnetic direction?  North 
In hockey, what infraction is called when a player shoots the puck from their own half past the opposing goal line without it being touched by another player?  Icing
What is the name of the main sugar found in milk?  Lactose
What SPECIFIC relation to you is your father’s brother’s son?  First Cousin
Now known simply as Max, what did the ‘B’ stand for in the name of the premium cable network HBO Max?  Box 
The thin layer of clear dead skin located at the nail bed has what name?  Cuticle
What character in a Dr. Seuss book “hears a who”?  Horton
Fill-in-the-blank: “Once in a __________ moon” is a common expression that means “not very often”.  Answer: Blue
What food would you expect to come wrapped in nori?  Sushi
Priyanka Chopra played Victoria Leeds in what 2017 movie?  Baywatch

Bonus Round
What number is located at the 9 o'clock position on a standard dart board?  11
How many keys are on a standard, full-size piano?  88
Banana, grape, and what other flavor are combined to make Moon Mist ice cream, commonly enjoyed in the Atlantic Canadian provinces?  Bubblegum
A large military parade along the Champs Elysees marks Bastille Day in what country?  France
Although most people are familiar with the names Socrates, Plato, and Aristotle, who is often considered to be the first Greek philosopher?  Thales
The Negev Desert is located in what country?  Israel
Fort Duquesne is a former French fortification located in what US state?  Pennsylvania
Who did President Eisenhower beat in his second election?  Adlai E. Stevenson
In what US state did the first Texas Roadhouse restaurant open?  Indiana
Who was the original lead vocalist and guitarist of the band Pink Floyd in the '60s?  Syd Barrett   

Game 240703F
Game Date: Wednesday, July 3, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Running from 1963 to 1973, what culinary show made Julia Child a household name in the United States?               The French Chef
James Earl Jones voiced which character in both the original animated film, The Lion King, as well as the 2019 live-action version?  Mufasa
Who sings “Break My Soul”, “Halo”, and “Run the World”?  Beyoncé 
What former CEO of WeWork is giving up on plans to reacquire the company after a bankruptcy plan recently excluded him from the company's future?  Adam Neumann 
In the 1997 film Romy and Michele's High School Reunion, which former F.R.I.E.N.D.S actress plays Michele?        Lisa Kudrow
Who had a “Lonely Hearts Club Band” in the title of a Beatle song?  Sgt. Pepper
What rock star, known for the songs “Rebel Yell” and “White Wedding”, had his own concert residency at the House of Blues in Las Vegas in 2017?  Billy Idol 
What former Saturday Night Live cast member played the title character on the Apple TV+ series Ted Lasso?       Jason Sudeikis 
What actor, known for his role of Hawkeye in the Marvel films, will be starring in the third Knives Out film, his first role since recovering from a bad snowplow accident?  Jeremy Renner 
Voiced by John Lithgow, what is the name of the Lord in the 2001 film Shrek?  Lord Farquaad

General Knowledge
In a choir, what term is given to the deepest male vocal range?  Bass
Human hair and nails are made from what substance?  Keratin
In baseball, what is it called when a batter intentionally makes an out by hitting the ball in the air, to allow a baserunner on his team to advance?  Sacrifice Fly
In what US state is Hersheypark located?  Pennsylvania
Now known simply as Max, what did the ‘H’ stand for in the name of the premium cable network HBO Max?  Home
Commonly referred to as “the little __________ pill” – what color are Viagra tablets?  Blue
What type of document does a cartographer make?  Maps
What is the name of poached eggs on muffins, served with hollandaise sauce?  Eggs Benedict
According to the common saying, what city wasn't built in a day?  Rome
What is the only mammal that can fly?  Bats
Who played Velma Kelly in the 2002 movie Chicago?  Catherine Zeta-Jones

Bonus Round
What Florida city suffered a "Great Fire" in 1901?  Jacksonville  
Who is the only athlete to play in both a Super Bowl and a World Series?  Deion Sanders
What number is located at the 3 o'clock position on a standard dart board?  6
Needham is a popular dessert in the Northeastern part of the United States that contains what vegetable?  Potato
Known as Cristo Rei, what European city built a smaller version of Rio's Christ the Redeemer statue in 1959?  Lisbon
Now considered one of the premier rehabilitation centers in the country, what first lady set up an alcohol rehab center in Mirage, California in 1982?  Betty Ford
Los Angeles' famous bar, the Whiskey a Go Go, opened its doors to the public in January of what decade?  1960s
What ship, known as the ghost ship of the Great Lakes, was immortalized in Gordon Lightfoot's 1976 hit song?        The SS Edmund Fitzgerald
In what film do humans mine for the fictional element unobtainium?  Avatar
Who was voted Time Magazine's 'Person Of The Year' in 1995?  Newt Gingrich


Game 240704F
Game Date: Thursday, July 4, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What actor says the famous line "You talking to me?" in the 1976 movie Taxi Driver?  Robert De Niro
Which of the F.R.I.E.N.D.S cast members had a role in a Bruce Springsteen video?  Courteney Cox
What international organization was recently mentioned in a letter by U.S. Senate Democrats as allegedly colluding with U.S. shale producers to manipulate oil prices?  OPEC 
Cher Horowitz, played by Alicia Silverstone, is the main character in what 90’s movie?  Clueless
What is Lucy in the sky with in the tile of a Beatles’ song?  Diamonds
BE SPECIFIC: In the famous 1993 film Free Willy, what was Willy?  An orca (aka killer whale)
What 1950s TV show gave us the catchphrase "Hi-Ho Silver"?  Lone Ranger
What actress made her film debut at the age of seven when she appeared as the daughter of Jon Voight's character in the 1982 flop Lookin' to Get Out?  Angelina Jolie
What actress and singer, and star of This is Us, recently announced that she is expecting her third child, a baby girl, with her husband Taylor Goldsmith?  Mandy Moore 
In the 2019 film Avengers: Endgame, who played T’Challa aka Black Panther?  Chadwick Boseman



General Knowledge
Beef stroganoff originated in what country?  Russia
In basketball, what body part is “breaking” in a dribbling technique in which a player suddenly changes direction?  Ankles
If something is medically referred to as pathological, it was caused by what?  Disease
What two US states begin with the letter ‘K’?  Kansas & Kentucky
In chess, what is it called when a king’s current position is threatened with capture by the opponent's next move?  Check
The study and usage of designs in the workplace that attempt to reduce stress and overuse of muscles is called what?  Ergonomics
Diamonds are a form of what chemical element?  Carbon
What do the thirteen stripes on the American flag represent?  13 original colonies
In the famous nursery rhyme, “Hey Diddle Diddle”, what animal jumped over the moon?  Cow
It is said that breaking a mirror will bring you how many years of bad luck?  7
What was Sean Connery's real first name?  Thomas

Bonus Round
Cleopatra supposedly took a bath in what liquid?  Milk
Who was the US president when the first 4th of July celebration was held at the White House?  Thomas Jefferson
What European government suffered a severe financial crisis in 2010, requiring an EU bail out?  Greece
What number is located at the 12 o'clock position on a standard dart board?  20
Ontario and what other province are the largest wine-producing areas in Canada?  British Columbia 
What Empire signed the Treaty of the Dardanelles with the United Kingdom in 1809?  Ottoman
In the Harry Potter universe, the Killing Curse or Avada Kedavra, the Cruciatus Curse, and the Imperius Curse are collectively known as what?  Unforgivable
"The Star-Spangled Banner" was written in what US state?  Maryland
In Nathaniel Hawthorne's novel The Scarlet Letter, what is the name of the character that is forced to wear a letter ‘A’?  Hester Prynne
The Black Swan is native to what continent?  Australia




Game 240707F
Game Date: Thursday, July 6, 2023

Pop Culture & Current Events
The late John McCain made a cameo in what 2005 comedy about divorce mediators and their duplicitous means of meeting women?  Wedding Crashers
What actor starred as Freddie Mercury in the 2018 biographical drama Bohemian Rhapsody?  Rami Malek
Who is the villain in Disney’s animated film The Little Mermaid?  Ursula
What chipmaker company recently surpassed Apple to become the second-largest public company in the U.S. by market capitalization?  Nvidia
By the mid-1980s, many critics thought the band Aerosmith was through… until a surprise collaboration with what rap group brought them back to the top of the charts?  Run-DMC
On June 20th, what famous actor known for his role as President Snow in the Hunger Games franchise, passed away at age 88? Donald Sutherland
Released in 1983, what is the subtitle of the third Star Wars film… as in, the third one released, NOT Episode III?    The Return of the Jedi
Clara Peller became a household name in the mid '80s after she appeared in a Wendy's ad campaign saying what three-word catchphrase?  "Where's the beef?"
What color hat does Stan wear in the animated series South Park?  Blue
On June 27th, what southeastern US city was the home to the first presidential debate of the 2024 election? Atlanta

General Knowledge
What high heel style is named after a dagger from the Middle Ages?  Stiletto
What is the fourth prime number?  7
What type of Japanese wine, brewed from fermented rice, is commonly served either hot or cold?  Sake
With its origins dating back to 3000 BC, what ancient writing system used by the Egyptians combined logographic, syllabic, and alphabetic elements?  Hieroglyphics
What is the name of the long, thin, and flexible appendage found on the heads of some cephalopods?  Tentacle
Deriving from their word for ‘zeal, the Greeks believed what emotion caused the overproduction of bile, giving one’s complexion a ‘greenish’ hue?  Jealousy
What protein in the skin provides flexibility?  Elastin
What is the name for a small, often decorative, case that protects the end of a shoelace?  Aglets
What dangerous mineral was formerly used for fireproof materials and insulation?  Asbestos
Coma and Tail are features on what celestial body?  Comet


What “Take That” singer won Celebrity Big Brother in 2002?  Mark Owen

Bonus Round
What quantity is measured in dynes?  Force
In battle, the fiercest pirates often refused to spare the lives of an opponent. To indicate they would show no mercy, they would raise a red flag and threaten to "give no" what?  Quarter
In the Bible, what is the first book of the New Testament?  Matthew
In what year did the Soviet Union have both a celebration with the launch of the Mir Space Station and a tragedy with the Chernobyl disaster?  1986
What brand of watches gets its name from the Japanese word for "exquisite"?  Seiko
In what decade did Benjamin Franklin become a member of the Assembly?  1750s
What are the two taxes found on the game board in Monopoly?  Income Tax & Luxury Tax
What 1957 novel, by Russian writer Boris Pasternak, was rejected by publishers in the Soviet Union and had to be secretly smuggled to a publisher in Milan?  Doctor Zhivago
What element takes its name from the Greek word for the moon?  Selenium
What country launched the first nuclear submarine in 1954?  United States




Game 240708F
Game Date: Monday, July 8, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What band has songs called “Welcome to the Black Parade”, “Helena”, and “I’m Not Okay”?  My Chemical Romance
What chipmaker company recently surpassed Apple to become the second-largest public company in the U.S. by market capitalization?  Nvidia
What director of some of the highest-grossing movies of all time, including Titanic and Avatar, was made a Companion of the Order of Canada in 2019?  James Cameron
Jeff Bridges played a Texas Ranger pursuing two bank-robbing brothers in what 2016 neo-Western?                         Hell or High Water
Who plays the lead character (a professor pretending to be a killer for hire for the New Orleans Police department) in the recently released Netflix film Hit Man?  Glen Powell
What color hair did Elroy have on the animated TV series The Jetsons?  Blonde
“Hey, __________ / you got your mama's style / But you're yesterday's child to me” were the opening lyrics to what 2001 Aerosmith song?  Jaded
An Iowa corn farmer hears voices telling him to build a baseball diamond in what 1989 film?  Field of Dreams
Who lives in between SpongeBob and Patrick in the animated Nickelodeon series SpongeBob SquarePants?  Squidward
Joseph Gordon-Levitt plays a younger version of Bruce Willis in what 2012 film?  Looper

General Knowledge
What green herb is also the namesake of JetBlue's business class program?  Mint
What NBA legend was nicknamed the “Hick from French Lick”?  Larry Bird 
Who was the first ruler of the Mongol Empire?  Genghis Khan
What city in Europe is known for its casinos and is called the gambling capital of the continent?  Monte Carlo
What animal is depicted in the logo for Rolling Rock beer?  Pony / Horse
“Na” is the symbol for what chemical element?  Sodium
What US president’s wife was named Barbara Pierce?  George H.W. Bush
What is the main food that you would expect to buy at Little Caesar's or Papa John's?  Pizza
What mathematician was the first to propose that the Earth was spherical?  Pythagoras
Yodeling is a form of singing which originated in the Alps of Austria and which other country?  Switzerland



Who starred as Norman Warne in the 2006 film Miss Potter?  Ewan McGregor 

Bonus Round
In 1778, what British explorer became the first European to land on the Hawaiian Islands?  James Cook
Since being drafted first overall in 2015, what center has won the Hart Memorial Trophy (or the NHL MVP) three times, including 2 of the last 3 years?  Connor McDavid
What two nations fought in the Hundred Years War?  France & Britain
As it’s located entirely within the Atlantic Ocean, what sea has no coastline?  Sargasso Sea
With 26 aerial victories, who was the top American fighter ace during World War I?  Eddie Rickenbacker 
Giving them control of Sicily, what Roman siege took place during 213-212 BC?  Siege of Syracuse
In television or film crews, a gaffer is the chief what?  Electrician
Albania was admitted to the United Nations in what decade?  1950s
Who painted the famous American work Declaration of Independence?  John Trumbull
In the TV series Doctor Who, what does TARDIS stand for?  Time and Relative Dimensions in Space

Game 240709F
Game Date: Tuesday, July 9, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Which James Bond actor, known for his distinctive voice, died in 2020?  Sean Connery
Who will be India's prime minister for a third term despite a recent reduction in parliamentary seats?  (Narendra) Modi 
What film franchise had a promotional tie-in with Virgin Atlantic in 1999, resulting in one of their airplanes being renamed the "Shaglantic"?  Austin Powers
In the Indiana Jones film franchise, the title character’s real name is Henry Jones Jr. – who was the inspiration for Indiana, the name he chose for himself?  The family dog
What Indianapolis stadium's turf was recently replaced with an 8.2-foot deep Olympic swimming pool for the U.S. Olympic swim trials?  Lucas Oil Stadium 
What color hair did Judy have on the animated TV series The Jetsons?  White (or platinum blonde)
Released this past June 7th, what is the full title of the new Bad Boys film, starring Will Smith and Martin Lawrence?  Bad Boys: Ride or Die 
“There was a time / When I was so broken-hearted / Luck wasn't much of a friend of mine” are the opening lyrics to what 1993 Aerosmith song?  Cryin’
What is the main item that can be found in Sandy Cheek’s dome in the animated Nickelodeon series SpongeBob SquarePants?  Tree
“Lifestyles of the Rich & Famous”, “The Anthem”, and “Little Things” are all songs by what rock band?  Good Charlotte



General Knowledge
Porcine refers to what animal?  Pig
What type of lettuce gets its common name from the fact that it was shipped in railway containers packed with ice?  Iceberg lettuce
What Red Sox great was the last Major Leaguer to hit over .400 for an entire season, accomplishing the feat in 1941?  Ted Williams
What is the least densely populated state in the US per square mile?  Alaska
“Ar” is the symbol for what chemical element?  Argon
What type of dried fruit is a prune?  Plum
Fill-in-the-blank: The __________ and Sickle flag once represented the Soviet Union.  Answer: Hammer
The Joad family leaves behind their Oklahoma farm to seek a better life in California in what John Steinbeck novel?  The Grapes of Wrath
What type of bond involves the sharing of electron pairs between atoms?  Covalent bond
What word can mean both a high shoe and a sharp knife?  Stiletto

What is the name of Sheldon's older brother in the TV series Young Sheldon?  Georgie

Bonus Round
Francisco Franco ruled over what country from 1939 to 1975?  Spain
The WNBA tipped off for the first time when the New York Liberty faced off against the Los Angeles Sparks on June 21st of what year?  1997
What is the largest landlocked country in the world?  Kazakhstan
What name was given to the eight month period to begin World War II in which France and England declared war on Germany, but engaged in virtually no conflict?  The Phoney War (aka The Phoney Period)
William McKinley was assassinated in what US city?  Buffalo
In 1997, the Heaven's Gate cult famously believed that a spaceship was traveling behind what comet passing by Earth?  Hale–Bopp 
Austria was admitted to the United Nations in what decade?  1950s
What relation was Napoleon III to the first Napoleon emperor?  Nephew
"Patterns of Provincial life" is the subtitle of which Flaubert novel?  Madame Bovary
Potable means that water is what?  Safe to drink




Game 240710F
Game Date: Wednesday, July 10, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What French President recently decided to call a snap parliamentary election after his party lost badly in the European Union vote?  Emmanuel Macron
What red echidna was first introduced as an antagonist in the video game Sonic the Hedgehog 3?  Knuckles
Sam Malone briefly sold his beloved bar to the Lillian Corporation on what sitcom?  Cheers
What Maroon 5 singer will reclaim his red chair and be back as a coach for season 27 of The Voice, scheduled to air next spring?  Adam Levine 
For what crime was Amanda Knox recently re-convicted in an Italian court?  Slander 
What was the name of the Jetsons' robot maid on the animated TV series The Jetsons?  Rosey
“How does it feel, how does it feel? / To be without a home / Like a complete unknown?" are the lyrics to what Bob Dylan song?  Like a Rolling Stone 
What CBS sitcom starred Eddie Albert and Eva Gabor as a wealthy New York couple who move to a farm?           Green Acres
What British actor played Ned Stark in Season 1 of Game of Thrones?  Sean Bean
In what item does SpongeBob reside in the animated Nickelodeon series SpongeBob SquarePants?  Pineapple


General Knowledge
What type of dried fruit is a raisin?  Grape
What ‘M’ letter term describes someone enrolling in college?  Matriculate
What airline's "widget" logo is meant to evoke both the wings of a jet aircraft and the fourth letter of the Greek alphabet?  Delta
What NFL franchise was the first to win five Super Bowls titles?  San Francisco 49ers
Established in 1926 and stretching 2,448 miles across, what famous American highway is also known as the Will Rogers Memorial Highway?  Route 66
What industry was banned from showing any television advertisements in 1971?  Tobacco (cigarettes)
“Mg” is the symbol for what chemical element?  Magnesium
In what German city is the Brandenburg Gate located?  Berlin
What is the name of the device that measures atmospheric pressure?  Barometer
True or False: Scorpions are considered Arachnids.  Answer: True



Before singer John Legend changed his last name, what was it?  Stephens

Bonus Round
The Sixaola River forms the border between Costa Rica and what country?  Panama
What sport has been Canada’s national summer sport since 1994?  Lacrosse
What king of Spain sent Christopher Columbus on his expedition that ultimately led to him finding the Americas?    King Ferdinand
What is the most densely populated state in the US with over 1,200 people per square mile?  New Jersey
What woman created the iconic Barbie doll, which she named after her daughter?  Ruth Handler 
The Appian Way is one of the earliest and strategically most important roads located in what city?  Rome
What breed of cat is known for going limp when picked up, which is how they got their name?  Ragdoll
Croatia was admitted to the United Nations in what decade?  1990s
Gold XXXX, an Australian beer, was originally known as what – after the brewery?  Castlemaine (Perkins)
Within three, how many hours a day does a Koala Bear sleep?  18 – 20 is acceptable




Game 240711F
Game Date: Thursday, July 11, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
In what recently released Netflix film does Glen Powell play a character who pretends to be a killer for hire for the New Orleans Police Department?  Hit Man 
From 1970 to 2005, Monday Night Football aired in the United States on what broadcast network?  ABC
What former U.S. President was the guest on the debut episode of David Letterman's Netflix show in 2018?        Barack Obama
What color hair did both George and Jane have on the animated TV series The Jetsons?  Red
What is the name of the upcoming reality show featuring Alec and Hilaria Baldwin and their slew of children?            The Baldwins 
On June 6th, a major ceremony in France was held to mark the 80th anniversary of which World War II event?            D-Day aka Invasion of Normandy 
“When the rain is blowing in your face / And the whole world is on your case / I could offer you a warm embrace” are the opening lyrics to what Bob Dylan song?  Make You Feel My Love
Reality show Selling Sunset is set in what industry?  Real Estate
In what item does Squidward reside in the animated Nickelodeon series SpongeBob SquarePants?  Moia (Head)
“Hear You Me”, “Sweetness”, and “The Middle” are all songs by what rock band?  Jimmy Eat World




General Knowledge
What sweet treat could be milk, dark, or white?  Chocolate
"Speedbird" is the aviation call sign of what flag carrier airline of the United Kingdom?  British Airways
The thyroid and pituitary glands are part of what bodily system?  Endocrine
What longtime Vikings safety holds the record for most interceptions in NFL history with 81?  Paul Krause
Which of the major oceans is home to the most coral reef species?  Pacific Ocean
“Pb” is the symbol for what chemical element?  Lead
Primarily used for cooking, what type of fruit is a Rome Beauty?  Apple
Fill-in-the-blank: The Hammer and __________ flag once represented the Soviet Union.  Answer: Sickle
The animals of Manor Farm revolt against Mr. Jones in what 1945 novel by George Orwell?  Animal Farm
The science of low temperatures is called what?  Cryogenics



The "CSI: Cyber" team is based in what US city?  Washington, D.C.

Bonus Round
The failed Bay of Pigs Invasion of Cuba took place in what year?  1961 
What American soccer team defeated the Los Angeles FC to secure the 2023 MLS Cup Championship?        Columbus Crew
What queen of Spain sent Christopher Columbus on his expedition that ultimately led to him finding the Americas?  Queen Elisabeth I
Besides Alaska, what is the least populated state in the US with only about 6 people per square mile?  Wyoming
In 1995’s Jumanji, what actress played Judy and Peter’s aunt who adopted them after the death of their parents?  Bebe Neuwirth
Comprised of 300 members with 4-year term limits, what is the official legislative body of Greece?                             The Parliament of Hellenes (aka Hellenic Parliament)
What is the lightest wood that is used commercially?  Balsa
Tuvalu is an island located in what ocean?  Pacific
Reginald Kenneth Dwight is the birth name of what singer?  Elton John
Square Enix Ltd released what game in 2016 to celebrate 20 years of Tomb Raider?  Rise of the Tomb Raider








Game 240714F
Game Date: Sunday, July 14, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
The Curse of the Black Pearl was the subtitle of the first film in what popular Disney franchise?  	     	     Pirates of the Caribbean
What is the name of the legendary hard rock band formed in 1973 by brothers Angus and Malcolm Young?  AC/DC
In 2022 Queen Elizabeth II celebrated her Platinum Jubilee, marking how many years on the throne?  70 years
What type of creature is Chewbacca in the Star Wars universe?  Wookie
What rapper's 1994 debut album Ready to Die was recently named by Rolling Stone magazine as the greatest hip-hop album of all time?  The Notorious B.I.G.
The famous Baldwin brothers include Alec, William, Stephen, and what other actor; who starred in Homicide: Life on the Street?  Daniel
Complete the name of the platinum selling alt-rock band from Louisiana: Better Than ______.  Ezra
Hannah Montana moved to what California town with her family in the hit Disney Channel series?  Malibu
"Crazy Little Thing Called Love" was an 80’s hit for what British rock group?  Queen
Eddard is the head of what house in HBO’s Game of Thrones series?  House Stark

General Knowledge
What word represents the ‘Z’ in the NATO Phonetic alphabet?  Zulu
The Inca Sun Festival is a major tourist attraction in what country?  Peru
From left to right, what is the order of the three colors on the Italian flag?  Green, White, Red 
From an adjective meaning ‘tepid’, what four-letter prefix is commonly attached to ‘warm’ to describe something that is not too hot and not too cold?  Luke
Kiwi is a fruit and also a nickname for someone from what country?  New Zealand
Leaves of what herb are used to flavor a Mojito?  Mint
Orca is another name for what species of whale?  Killer
What are the full names of Pennsylvania’s two current NHL teams?  Pittsburgh Penguins & Philadelphia Flyers
What was the surname of famous fairy-tale writer Hans Christian?  Anderson
Helen of Troy was a leader of which ancient civilization?  Sparta
Detective Jimmy McNulty is the main character in what T.V show?  The Wire

Bonus Round
How many black numbers are there on a standard roulette wheel?  18
Who did Claus von Stauffenberg attempt to assassinate on July 20,1944?  Adolf Hitler
Jura is a region of what European country?  France
In Greek mythology who persuaded her brother to kill her mother?  Electra
T-cells mature in which gland of the body?  Thymus
In what year did American rock icon Elvis Presley die?  1977
Podgorica is the capital of what country?  Montenegro
Who was Jimmy Carter's Vice President?  Walter F. Mondale
The California Star was the first newspaper published in what U.S city?  San Francisco
What is the name for the steam-heated machine most commonly used to sterilize medical instruments?  Autoclave

Game 240715F
Game Date: Monday, July 15, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What late actor has a daughter named Zelda?  Robin Williams
Sarah Jessica Parker plays which character in the sitcom Sex and the City: Carrie, Samantha, Charlotte, or Miranda?  Carrie
Wendy Fraser and what Dirty Dancing actor sang “She’s Like the Wind” for the movie’s soundtrack?  Patrick Swayze
What animated feature sequel, released on the weekend of June 15th, continues the story of Riley Anderson and her emotions?  Inside Out 2
Back in 2015, Ariana Grande was caught on video camera licking what food item, before placing it back on a shelf?  Donut
Who was the first member of One Direction to leave the band?  Zayn
On which streaming service will the hot dog eating event Chestnut vs. Kobayashi: Unfinished Beef be live-streamed on September 2nd?  Netflix
At least two people have died from exhaustion looking for the tree photographed for the album cover image of what 1987 U2 album?  Joshua Tree
What actor recently recreated the iconic Dancing in the Dark music video on TikTok, 40 years after filming the original with Bruce Springsteen?  Courteney Cox 
Woodstock is a yellow-canary and the friend of what famous character?  Snoopy 





General Knowledge
What word is both a species of tree, and what's left over after a fire?  Ash
In late 1964, what monarch flew back to England on the first aircraft to bear the Air Canada name?  Elizabeth II 
At a little more than one third the width of the Earth, what is the smallest planet in our solar system?  Mercury 
In biological classification, which taxonomic rank falls directly between ”class" and ”family"?  Order
What "Big 4" sports team won the championships in 2023 for the NFL?  Kansas City Chiefs 
Receiving Gifts, Quality Time, Physical Touch, Acts of Service and what else are considered the five major love languages?  Words of Affirmation
What term is given to the full-scale final rehearsal before a stage show?  Dress Rehearsal
Most often diagnosed in adolescents, what disorder is a curvature of the spine?  Scoliosis
In dog breeding, what term is given to dogs that are bread to be even smaller than toy or miniature?  Teacup
What type of dance involves bending under a low horizontal pole?  Limbo 




What was the name of John Lithgow’s character in the TV sitcom 3rd Rock from the Sun?  Dick Solomon

Bonus Round
What is the smallest country in Asia?  (The Republic of) Maldives
In what year was the Eiffel tower finished being constructed? 1889
Mr. McGregor chases Peter Rabbit away from his garden in a 1902 book by what children's author?  Beatrix Potter 
What is the name of the first cloned mammal, a sheep born in 1996?  Dolly
In 1960, the Motown record label was founded in what city?  Detroit
The “Fighting Trees” in the 1939 MGM classic movie The Wizard of Oz are portrayed as what kind of tree?  Apple
In Australia, what animal is known as a brumby?  Horse
Dancing around a pole and Morris dancing traditionally marks the first day of which month?  May
In 1950, the Springbok Radio station launched in what country?  South Africa
In what year did Concorde make its last commercial flight?  2003




Game 240716F
Game Date: Tuesday, July 16, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
“Feeling Good”, “Sway”, and “Home” are all hit songs by what Canadian artist?  Michael Bublé
What Game of Thrones prequel aired its first episode of Season 2 on HBO on June 16th?  House of the Dragon 
Once part of the band Genesis, Peter Gabriel recorded an album in what language other than English?  German
Grandmother Willow is a character in what 1995 animation starring Mel Gibson as the voice of Captain John Smith?  Pocahontas
Javier Bardem married what actress in 2010?  Penélope Cruz
Claire slips back through time in what TV series, based on a book series by Diana Gabaldon?  Outlander
What country is hosting the 2024 G7 summit?  Italy 
Cynthia Nixon plays which character in the sitcom Sex and the City: Carrie, Samantha, Charlotte, or Miranda?  Miranda
What is the name of Keanu Reeves' alternative rock band that is set to tour the US starting in August 2024?  Dogstar
 What is the most recognized award show that honors “the worst” in the film making industry?                                       The Golden Raspberry Awards aka The Razzies

General Knowledge
What US state has the most coastline with about 6,640 miles of coast?  Alaska
Our sun is composed of about 70% of what gas?  Hydrogen 
In a series of novels by what author is Robert Langdon a Harvard professor of symbology?  Dan Brown 
Air Cairo is a low-fare airline based in what African country?  Egypt 
In biological classification, which taxonomic rank falls directly between "kingdom" and "class"?  Phylum
What "Big 4" sports team won the championships in 2023 for the MLB?  Texas Rangers 
Ernie and Fryer Tuck are two of the elves that work in the Hollow Tree Factory for what cookie company?  Keebler
HazMat is an abbreviation of what two words?  Hazardous Materials
Words of Affirmation, Quality Time, Physical Touch, Acts of Service and what else are considered the five major love languages?  Receiving Gifts
What is the largest species of bear?  Polar



Iggy Pop was the lead singer of what punk band?  The Stooges

Bonus Round
Mannekin Pis is a famous statue in what European capital?  Brussels
For what two films did Clint Eastwood win ‘Best Director’ Oscars?  Unforgiven & Million Dollar Baby
Mogadishu is the capital of which African country?  Somalia
In Star Wars, what is the name of Luke Skywalker's uncle who is a moisture farmer on Tatooine?  Uncle Owen Lars
“Once there was a tree…and she loved a little boy.” are the opening words to what children's book?  The Giving Tree 
The "Reign of Terror" in the 1790s was a violent political period in what country?  France
In what year did Marilyn Monroe die?  1962
Granger is an old word meaning what occupation?  Farmer
Ken Rosewall was a famous 1950s tennis player from what country?  Australia
What was former First Lady Hillary Clinton's surname before she got married?  Rodham


Game 240717F
Game Date: Wednesday, July 17, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Electric Ladyland was the third and final album by what rock star?  Jimi Hendrix
What character plants a part of Groot, the lovable anthropomorphic tree, to help him regrow at the end of the first Guardians of the Galaxy movie?  Rocket Raccoon
Who had hits with the songs “Happy”, “Get Lucky”, and “Blurred Lines”?  Pharrell Williams
What is the first name of the Scottish-American late night host, __________ Ferguson that hosted the “Late Late Show” for 11 seasons?  Craig
Tom Brady was inducted into the Patriots Hall of Fame on June 12th at a sold out ceremony at which New England stadium?  Gillette Stadium 
James Cromwell received an Oscar nomination for his role as Farmer Hoggett in what 1995 film?  Babe 
Many people are familiar with the Kardashian sisters – Kim, Khloé, and Kourtney -- but what is the name of their brother?  Robert
Which recently released Apple TV+ series, based on a novel by Scott Turow, stars Jake Gyllenhaal as a prosecutor accused of murder?  Presumed Innocent 
Who plays Doctor Stephen Strange in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?  Benedict Cumberbatch
Kristin Davis plays which character in the sitcom Sex and the City: Carrie, Samantha, Charlotte, or Miranda?  Charlotte

General Knowledge
In the human body, what organ contains nephrons as its main functional units?  Kidney 
Overlooking the Red Square, the Spasskaya Tower is a 233-foot tall clock tower in what city?  Moscow 
In biological classification, which taxonomic rank falls directly between ”family" and ”species"?  Genus
What scientist is known for formulating the laws of motion and universal gravitation?  Isaac Newton
What "Big 4" sports team won the championships in 2023 for the NBA?  Denver Nuggets 
In To Kill a Mockingbird Boo Radley leaves the children gifts in the knothole of what kind of tree?  Oak Tree 
What type of crab makes its home in a discarded shell?  Hermit
Words of Affirmation, Quality Time, Receiving Gifts, Acts of Service and what else are considered the five major love languages?  Physical Touch
What does the government body CIA stand for?  Central Intelligence Agency
Many people know that the first three digits of Pi are 3.14 … what number comes next?  1

Stephen Perkins played bass guitar in what rock group?  Jane’s Addiction

Bonus Round
What European island was awarded the George Cross for bravery in 1942?  Malta
Who was the starting quarterback for the Minnesota Vikings in Super Bowl IV, when they lost to the Chiefs?  Joe Kapp
What Australian airline is the only airline that operates regular sightseeing flights to Antarctica?  Qantas 
What do you call the boundary around a black hole beyond which nothing can escape?  Event horizon 
Located on the grounds of Hogwarts School, what tree nearly demolished the Weasley family's flying Ford Angila?  Whomping Willow
How many penalties in minutes did Gordie Howe receive during the 1953-1954 NHL regular season:                            A) 68  B) 74  C) 100  D) 109?  Answer: D) 109
What was Disney's hit 1953 animated film?  Peter Pan
What was New York's original name?  New Amsterdam
What was the name of the spacecraft which saw John Glenn orbit the earth?  Friendship
What famous actress appeared in the 1954 movie A Star Is Born?  Judy Garland

Game 240718F
Game Date: Thursday, July 18, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
What item of jewelry did Gollum call "my precious" in the Hobbit films/books?  The ring
What are the last names of the two famous late night hosts that share the first name Jimmy?  Fallon & Kimmel
"This little green one here seems to need a home" is a line from what famous Peanuts TV Special?                               A Charlie Brown Christmas
KatyCats are fans of what singer?  Katy Perry
What character on the US version of The Office runs a beet farm with his cousin, Mose?  Dwight (Schrute) 
What boy band released albums called Take Me Home and Four?  One Direction
What legendary NBA icon known as "Mr. Clutch" and often associated with the NBA logo passed on June 12th at the age of 86?  Jerry West 
Jester, Viper, and Slider are characters in what 1986 movie?  Top Gun
Kim Cattrall plays which character in the sitcom Sex and the City: Carrie, Samantha, Charlotte, or Miranda?  Samantha
What Oscar winning actress returned to host the Tony Awards for a third time on June 16th?  Ariana DeBose 


General Knowledge
What international body runs the World Bank?  The United Nations
What is the term for animals, such as frogs, toads, and salamanders, that can live both on land and in water?  Amphibians 
Cloud Gate aka “The Bean” is located in what US city?  Chicago
In biological classification, which taxonomic rank falls directly between ”phylum" and "order"?  Class
What "Big 4" sports team won the championships in 2023 for the NHL?  Vegas Golden Knights 
What tech company acquired the headphone company Beats in 2014?  Apple
The 1929 stock market crash lead to what period of historic economic downturn?  The Great Depression
Which element was discovered to be on the surface of the sun, making up around 25% of its total mass?  Helium
Obsession is a famous perfume brand from what designer?  Calvin Klein
Words of Affirmation, Physical Touch, Receiving Gifts, Acts of Service and what else are considered the five major love languages?  Quality Time


The 10th of October is Tom Cruise day in what country?  Japan

Bonus Round
What is the capital city of Mongolia?  Ulaanbaatar
What is the only animal born with horns?  Giraffe
What herb is used to flavor Earl Grey tea?  Bergamot
What German airline is the second-largest airline in Europe in terms of total passengers carried?  Lufthansa 
A meniscal cyst affects which part of the human body?  Knee
What fruit do the French call "ananas"?  Pineapple
Recorded by various artists such as Ella Fitzgerald and Eddie Vedder, the 1931 hit “Dream a Little Dream of Me” features birds singing in what kind of tree?  Sycamore
What Italian car maker produced the Uno, Panda, and Punto?  Fiat
What famous musical is based on poems by TS Eliot?  Cats
The 1853 Gadsden Purchase added more territory to which two US states?  Arizona & New Mexico





Game 240721F
Game Date: Sunday, July 21, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Fill-in-the-blank on the song title from the musical Bye Bye Birdie: “Put on a _______ face”.  Answer: Happy
What future star of Magnum, P.I. served in the California National Guard from 1967 to 1973?  Tom Selleck
What 2013 action thriller depicts a guerilla assault on the White House, with disgraced Secret Service agent Mike Banning working to rescue the President?  Olympus Has Fallen
Retired quarterback Tom Brady recently reached a deal to acquire a stake in what NFL team?  Las Vegas Raiders
What is the name of the man who starred as the Golden Bachelor, in last year’s premiere season? Gerry Turner
Musical brothers Alex and Eddie have what surname?  Van Halen
In the film Zoolander, who plays Derek Zoolander’s nemesis Mugatu?  Will Ferrell
In the Marvel Universe, Black Panther hails from what fictional African nation?  Wakanda
What is the name of the daughter of Axel Foley in the fourth Beverly Hills Cop installment, released July 3rd? Jane Saunders 
What animal did Britney Spears famously carry on her shoulders during a live performance?  Snake





General Knowledge
At roughly 18 miles long, what US state has the shortest coastline?  New Hampshire
When a bucket of water is spun in a circle, the water stays in the bucket due to what force?  Centripetal/Centrifugal 
At the Tokyo Dome on February 11, 1990, Mike Tyson was knocked down for the first time and ultimately lost his championship to whom?  James "Buster" Douglas
The Maldives are located in what ocean?  Indian Ocean
Though most parts of the human body shrink with age, which two cartilage-heavy features actually keep growing?  Nose and ears
What does the computing acronym PC stand for?  Personal Computer
The soccer teams Arsenal F.C. and Chelsea F.C. are based in what European city?  London
Along with George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, and Thomas Jefferson, what other President is on the monument Mount Rushmore?  Theodore Roosevelt
Who wrote The Iliad and The Odyssey?  Homer
A California burger is a traditional burger that normally has bacon and what unique ingredient on top?                 Avocado (or Guacamole)

Who plays Dr. Avery Ryan in a CSI spin-off series?  Patricia Arquette

Bonus Round
K is the stock ticker symbol on the New York Stock Exchange for what food manufacturing company?  Kellogg's
Where did Timon come from in the title of a Shakespeare play?  Athens
What jeweler pioneered men's wristwatches and created the first pilot's watch in 1905, named for Alberto Santos-Dumont?  Cartier
Quintilis and Sextilis are old Latin names for which months?  May & June
What word, defined as "a massive, inexorable force," is also the villainous name of X-Men enemy Cain Marko?  Juggernaut
What British car manufacturer went bankrupt in 1971 and had to be nationalized?  Rolls-Royce
What fruit is banned from public transport across Asia due to its smell?  Durians
What poisonous plant takes its name from the Italian for beautiful woman?  Belladonna
In what year was the Apple Watch first available for purchase?  2015
Goose Green was a major battle in a war over what islands?  Falkland Islands

Game 240722F
Game Date: Monday, July 22, 2024

Pop Culture & Current Events
Who played the title role in the 2006 film The Astronaut Farmer?  Billy Bob Thornton
Who is Key’s partner in the title of a like-titled sketch comedy that begin airing in 2012?  Peele
What English rock band’s signature song is "Bittersweet Symphony"?  Verve
The antiquities authority of what country recently announced that a 3,300-year-old ship and its cargo were discovered off its coast?  Israel
What was the first cable television series to win an Emmy for ‘Outstanding Drama Series’?  The Sopranos
What Netflix dating reality TV show features people falling in love without actually seeing each other to start?          Love Is Blind
What Canadian acting legend, known for his roles in Animal House and The Hunger Games films, recently passed away at the age of 88?  Donald Sutherland 
Who portrays Galadriel in the The Lord of the Rings franchise?  Cate Blanchett
"In the Air Tonight” and “You’ll Be in My Heart” are signature songs of what artist?  Phil Collins
On Wednesday July 10th, a rare case of bubonic plague was announced by authorities in what state? Colorado





General Knowledge
What constellation is named after the Latin word for "crab"?  Cancer
Using tiny amounts of natural substances, like plants and minerals, what is the name of the medicine that is based on the belief that “the body can cure itself”?  Homeopathy
In the Greco-Roman mythological tale, what insect does Arachne turn into after she kills herself?  Spider 
China has long been the most populated country in the world – what country recently surpassed it?  India
What mode of transportation is known as the "Iron Horse"?  Train 
A Royale with cheese would be called what in the United States?  Cheeseburger 
What adjective is used to describe plants which produce cones?  Coniferous
What is the chemical formula for Carbon Dioxide?  CO2
“Be All You Can Be” has been used for advertising by which branch of the US military for years?  Army
A Black Velvet cocktail is made from beer and what other drink?  Champagne



What Game of Thrones character has a direwolf named Nymeria?  Arya (Stark)

Bonus Round
Although there are several, all of the largest dinosaurs belong to what subgroup?  Titanosaurs
What company sold the first quartz watch in 1969?  Seiko (Suwa Seikosha)
What English King was excommunicated by the Pope on December 17, 1538?  Henry VIII
Known for its association with writer Henry David Thoreau, Walden Pond is located in what U.S. state?  Massachusetts 
What word precedes "Western" to describe Sergio Leone's movies?  Spaghetti
The Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact was a non-aggression pact signed in 1939 between Nazi Germany and what other major power?  The Soviet Union
Billie Eilish is the youngest person to ever win two Oscars – for what two movies did she win?                               Barbie & No Time to Die
Canadian brewer Molson merged with what American company in 2005?  Coors
What European country didn't legalize divorce until 1997?  Ireland
Former U.S. President Ronald Reagan died in 2004 – how old was he when he passed?  93


